. Branch insignia a. General officers follow the guidance below for wear of branch insignia. (1) The Chief of Staff, former Chiefs of Staff, and generals of the Army (five-star) may prescribe their branch insignia. (2) All other general officers may wear branch insignia at their option. If they choose this option, general officers will wear the branch insignia for the position to which they are appointed, or for their duty assignment. b. Unless otherwise indicated in the following paragraphs, all other commissioned and warrant officers serving on active duty will wear the insignia of their basic branch. When detailed to other branches, commissioned and warrant officers will wear the insignia of the branch to which they are detailed. c. General staff, commissioned officers, and warrant officers, other than general officers, will wear the general staff branch insignia, as indicated below. (1) When assigned to positions within the Office of the Secretary of the Army, the Under Secretary of the Army, or the Assistant Secretary of the Army, and when authorized by the Secretary of the Army to wear such insignia during their assignment in these offices. (2) When detailed to duty on the Army General Staff (see AR 614–100). (3) As directed by the Chief of Staff. (4) When assigned to departmental or statutory tour table of distribution and allowance (TDA) positions in the National Guard Bureau. (5) When assigned to the ARNG command chief warrant officer positions within the office of the Adjutant General of each state, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, or the District of Columbia. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 39 d. The Inspector General branch insignia is worn by the inspector general and those officers detailed as inspectors general, under the provisions of AR 614–100. e. The National Guard Bureau branch insignia is worn by those officers detailed to the National Guard Bureau for 180 days or longer, U.S. Property and Fiscal Office officers, and other ARNG tour officers, as prescribed by the Chief, National Guard Bureau. f. Officers assigned to the Selective Service of the ARNG, and who are not on extended active duty, wear staff specialist branch insignia (see NGR (National Guard Regulation) 600–102). g. Civil Affairs (CA) Reserve officers wear USAR branch insignia as follows: (1) When assigned or detailed to the CA branch in accordance with AR 140–10, while serving in an inactive duty or active duty for training status. (2) When assigned to a USAR troop program unit that has mobilized. (3) When serving on extended active duty with CA troop program units. (4) When assigned to CA mobilization designation positions upon mobilization. (5) Officers will wear the insignia of the branch in which they are detailed, unless they are on extended active duty with other than CA units. h. Judge Advocate General’s Corps officers detailed to the Judge Advocate General’s Corps, who are not yet admitted to practice law before a Federal court, or the highest court of a state, will wear their basic branch insignia. They may wear Judge Advocate General’s Corps insignia after they are admitted to practice. i. The Chief of Chaplains may provide policy or guidance limiting chaplains to the wear of chaplain candidate branch insignia until a designated portion of initial training is complete. These restrictions by the Chief of Chaplains on chaplains’ wear of chaplain branch insignia will not exceed completion of the Chaplain Corps Officer Basic Course. j. All enlisted personnel will wear the branch insignia of their primary military occupational specialty (PMOS), with the following exceptions: (1) Basic trainees will wear the U.S. insignia on both collars; they will not wear branch insignia. (2) NCOs in authorized Inspector General modified table of organization and equipment (TOE) or TDA positions will wear the Inspector General insignia. (3) Command sergeants major (CSMs) and sergeants major (SGMs) will wear designated branch insignia unless serving in a nominative position as designated by HQDA. (4) Nominative CSMs and SGMs will wear nominative senior enlisted leader collar insignia (previously referred to as CSM insignia); worn by CSM and SGM when in a nominative position as designated by HQDA. (5) The Sergeant Major of the Army will wear Sergeant Major of the Army insignia in lieu of branch insignia. (6) A CSM appointed as the Senior Enlisted Advisor to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (SEAC) will wear SEAC insignia in lieu of branch insignia.