. Badges authorized for wear on Army uniforms A badge is awarded to an individual for identification purposes or for attaining a special skill or proficiency. The criteria for the award of Army badges are contained in AR 600–8–22 and in NGR 601–1 for ARNG recruiting and retention identification badges. Most combat and special skill badges are available in full and dress miniature sizes. The combat infantryman and expert infantryman badges are the only badges available in three sizes (full-sized, miniature, and dress miniature). The following badges are authorized for wear on the Army uniform: a. Military badges awarded by the U.S. Army, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy, U.S. Coast Guard, and the Director of Civilian Marksmanship. b. Badges awarded by the Regular Army and Navy Union, and by the Army and Navy Union of the United States. c. Marksmanship badges pertaining to national matches and approved by HQDA. Marksmanship badges from other U.S. Services are not authorized for wear on the Army uniform. d. Badges of civic and quasi-military societies of the United States and international organizations of a military nature. These include badges of organizations originally composed of members who served in a U.S. force during the Revolutionary War; the War of 1812; the Mexican War; the Civil War; the Spanish-American War; the Philippine Insurrection; and the Chinese Relief Expedition of 1900. These also include badges (such as medallions) issued by military (regimental) associations. The badges are worn only while the wearer is actually attending meetings or functions of such organizations, or on occasions of ceremony (as authorized by the commander). Personnel will not wear these badges to and from such meetings or events. Items must be similar to those authorized by AR 670–1 and worn in the same manner. e. Badges awarded by friendly foreign nations in recognition of military activities and authorized by AR 600–8– 22. f. Tabs are authorized for wear on either a permanent or temporary basis. (1) Permanent wear. Tabs indicating individual marksmanship or special skill are authorized for permanent wear. The tabs authorized for permanent wear are: Sapper, Ranger, Special Forces, and President’s Hundred. (2) Temporary wear. Other tabs are considered an integral part of the SSI, and Soldiers are only authorized to wear them while assigned to the organization that prescribed wearing the SSI with the tab. Temporary tab examples include: airborne, honor guard, mountain, Pershing, and Advisor. (3) Not all units designated (by structure, equipment, and mission) by Headquarters, Department of the Army as “airborne” are authorized to wear the airborne tab. The unit SSI must be approved as including the airborne tab by TIOH; wear of the airborne tab with any other SSI is not authorized. Only the following units have the airborne tab incorporated into their authorized SSI: (a) 18th Aviation Brigade. (b) 82d Airborne Division. (c) 95th Civil Affairs Brigade (Airborne). (d) 101st Airborne Division. (e) 173d Airborne Brigade Combat Team. (f) 528th Sustainment Brigade. (g) Joint Readiness Training Center Operations Group and Headquarters, Special Forces Group (Airborne). (h) Special Forces Groups (Airborne). (i) U.S. Army Civil Affairs and Psychological Operations Command. (j) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command Africa. (k) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command Central. (l) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command Europe. (m) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command Korea. (n) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command Pacific. (o) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command South. (p) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command Joint Forces Command. (q) U.S. Army Element, Special Operations Command. (r) U.S. Army John F. Kennedy Special Warfare Center. (s) U.S. Army Parachute Team. (t) U.S. Army Special Operations Command. (u) XVIII Airborne Corps. (v) 4/25th Infantry Brigade Combat Team (Airborne). (w) Airborne and Ranger Training Brigade. (x) U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Center Airborne and Special Operations Test Directorate. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 53 g. In accordance with AR 600–8–22, personnel must obtain written authority from Army Human Resources Command, Awards and Decorations Branch, before wearing badges on the uniform that were awarded by other U.S. Services or by the Director of Civilian Marksmanship. The following rules apply when wearing badges from other U.S. Services: (1) Military combat or special skill badges awarded by other U.S. Services that are similar to U.S. Army combat or special skill badges are worn on the Army uniform in the same manner as U.S. Army combat or special skill badges, only if no Army badges are authorized for wear in the same group. For example, a Soldier who had no group 3 badges (as outlined in DA Pam 670–1) could wear aviation badges awarded by the U.S. Air Force as group 3 badges (as Army aviation and aviator badges are worn). However, if the individual was authorized to wear an Army badge in group 3, the Soldier would not be authorized to wear the group 3 badge from the U.S. Air Force. (2) Skill badges awarded by other U.S. Services that are not similar to Army skill badges are worn as group 4 badges. (3) Badges from other U.S. Services that indicate career fields are not authorized for wear (such as U.S. Air Force medical insignia or badges used to identify the duty, function, or classification of the wearer). Some examples are U.S. Air Force fire protection, air training command instructor, security police, or Naval Qualification Badges such as the Naval aviation warfare specialist. (4) Personnel will not wear badges awarded by other U.S. Services that, because of size or configuration, cannot be worn as group 4 badges. Subdued embroidered or metal skill badges authorized for wear by another U.S. Service, and authorized for wear on the Army uniform, may be worn on utility uniforms in the same manner as prescribed for Army badges.