. The Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology) and Commanding General, U.S. Army Materiel Command The CG, AMC is responsible for the Uniform Quality Control Program (UQCP). ASA (ALT) and CG, AMC will ensure that program executive office (PEO) Soldier and Project Manager, Soldier Survivability, in conjunction with the Combat Capabilities Development Command (CCDC) Soldier Center, will— a. Prepare and maintain military specifications, purchase descriptions, and master patterns for optional uniform items, as recommended by the Army Uniform Board and approved by the Chief of Staff, Army (CSA) in accordance with AR 70–1. b. Publish and disseminate periodic bulletins to industry that provide guidance and information regarding changes in military specifications, testing and certification requirements, uniform regulations, or adoption of new optional uniform items. c. Furnish specifications, purchase descriptions, master patterns, shade standards, and other information about optional uniforms to industry, when required. d. Receive and examine laboratory test reports, manufacturer certifications, and samples from commercial manufacturers, custom tailors, military tailors, and other suppliers of optional uniform items, as required. Require manufacturers to provide requested laboratory test reports, manufacturer certifications, and samples of optional uniform items at no cost to the Army. e. Issue certificates of authority to manufacturers whose samples meet or exceed standards established by specifications of purchase descriptions. Certificates will be supplemented by documents showing the specific optional uniform items that the manufacturer is authorized to produce. Provide a list of certified manufacturers and products that will be furnished to the Army and Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES) and posted on appropriate Army websites. Revoke or suspend certificates when the certificate holder has violated any of the expressed conditions under which the certification was granted, as determined by PEO Soldier. f. Conduct inspections and otherwise monitor manufacturers for compliance with certificate terms and conditions. Review optional uniform items to verify compliance with, or appropriate exemption/waiver from, applicable domestic source requirements as set forth in 10 USC 2533a. Coordinate with designated service points of contact to ensure that outside the United States produced optional uniform items are evaluated and approved prior to being sold within theater to Soldiers. Outside the United States Army service component commands (ASCCs) will establish service points of contact to direct local textile and uniform producers desiring to sell optional uniform items to Soldiers to the CCDC Soldier Center for coordination. g. Ensure manufacturers and suppliers of optional uniform items do the following: (1) Obtain certification required under the UQCP from the CCDC Soldier Center or Project Manager, Soldier Survivability before manufacturing any optional uniform items for sale. (2) Affix a label with the following information certifying the optional uniform items were manufactured in accordance with the UQCP prior to offering the items for sale: This item is warranted to meet or exceed the standards of specification number and was produced under certificate number from basic material warranted by the manufacturer as having been produced in accordance with the sample under current certification. This item is not authorized for turn-in to central issue facilities. (3) Familiarize themselves with Army specifications, purchase descriptions, testing/certification requirements, shade standards, and other pertinent information for optional uniform items, and submit required samples and information to the CCDC Soldier Center or Project Manager, Soldier Survivability for approval. (4) Comply with all terms of the certification. Certificates may be revoked or suspended if the certificate holder has violated any of the expressed conditions of the certification.