. Soldiers a. Soldiers purchasing uniforms, uniform items, or heraldic items from establishments other than the MCSS must ensure that the items are authorized for wear and that they conform to appropriate military specifications or are manufactured in accordance with the UQCP or the heraldic quality control system. When items appear deficient, Soldiers should submit a Standard Form (SF) 368 (Product Quality Deficiency Report) through their servicing MCSS, where forms are available. Commercially purchased items that are authorized for wear in lieu of military-issued items must conform to the basic specification of the military-issued item, unless otherwise specified in this regulation. (1) All Army uniforms, uniform items, and heraldic items procured by the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support and sold in the MCSS are produced in accordance with appropriate military specifications and are authorized for wear. However, in those MCSS with multi-service support agreements, some items are sold that are authorized for wear by members of other Services, but not by Army personnel. Soldiers are responsible for verifying with their chain of command which items are authorized for wear by Army personnel. Uniform items with defects in workmanship or material should be returned to the MCSS for replacement or repair. (2) Optional uniforms and other uniform clothing items sold in the MCSS, in exchanges, or by commercial sources will contain a label, stamp, or certificate issued by the textile technology team at the CCDC Soldier Center. Components of some optional uniforms (such as men’s commercial white shirts, studs, and cuff links) are not included in the UQCP. (3) All heraldic items purchased from an exchange, MCSS, or commercial source will contain a hallmark or label certifying that the item was produced in accordance with the appropriate military specification by a manufacturer certified by TIOH. (4) All individuals purchasing uniform or insignia items from commercial sources must ensure that the items conform to the requirements in paragraphs 2–10a(1) through 2–10a(3). b. All enlisted personnel will— (1) Maintain their clothing bag items and any supplemental clothing items they are issued, as prescribed in AR