. Army commanders at all levels a. Senior commanders may prescribe the uniform for wear in formations. When not prescribed by the senior commander, unit commanders will prescribe the uniform for wear in formation. b. The commander in charge of units on maneuver may prescribe the uniform for wear within the maneuver area. c. Commanders of ceremonial units or with ceremonial details are as follows: (1) Members of honor guards, color guards, and similar details will wear the prescribed Army service, dress, or utility uniforms with authorized accoutrements. These members may wear accessories authorized in CTA 50–900 (such as individual equipment, belts, white gloves, and slings) when authorized by the commander. Commanders will prescribe uniform wear policies for these items. (2) Only those units authorized to wear a distinctive uniform in accordance with CTA 50–900 for ceremonial duties, such as the Old Guard and the U.S. Army Band, are exempt from the policy to wear the Army service, dress, or utility uniforms in the performance of ceremonial duties. Commanders of special units will prescribe the wear policy for all distinctive uniform items and accoutrements. d. Commanders will not require individuals to purchase optional uniform items. Likewise, they will not restrict or discourage them from wearing optional uniform items authorized by this regulation, except in those instances where uniformity is required, such as parades or formations. e. Commanders will ensure that the Soldiers assigned to their unit are aware of the grooming and appearance provisions of this regulation and will ensure compliance with the provisions of DA Pam 670–1 within their unit. f. Commanders will conduct periodic inspections to ensure that all personnel under their command comply with the following: (1) Soldiers possess the minimum quantities of uniforms prescribed in this regulation, AR 700–84, and CTA 50– 900. Uniforms must fit properly and be in serviceable condition. (2) Soldiers wear only authorized insignia and awards, as prescribed in this regulation. (3) Soldiers wear only uniform and heraldic items produced by certified manufacturers, and they meet the specifications for quality and design. g. Commanders will promptly submit quality deficiency reports on uniforms and individual equipment, in accordance with AR 702–7–1 regarding those items that do not meet the requirements in paragraphs 2–7g(1) through 2– 7g(3). h. Commanders will ensure that only those controlled heraldic items that are of quality and design covered in the specifications, and that have been produced by certified manufacturers or procured through the military supply system, are worn by personnel under their command. Commanders procuring controlled heraldic items, when authorized by local procurement procedures, will purchase only from manufacturers certified by TIOH. Commanders may forward a sample insignia to TIOH for quality assurance inspection if the commander feels the quality does not meet standards. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 4