. Heraldic items a. The heraldic items listed below are authorized for purchase and possession per AR 672–8. Variations from the prescribed specifications for these heraldic items are not permitted without prior approval of TIOH. (1) All insignia approved by HQDA. (2) Appurtenances and devices for attachment to decorations, service medals, and ribbons. (3) Miniature replicas of decorations, service medals, and ribbons. (4) Oversized replicas of decorations and service medals for grave markers only. These replicas must be at least twice the size prescribed for the decoration or service medal. (5) Ribbons pertaining to decorations and service medals. (6) Unit award emblems, fourrageres, and the orange lanyard. (7) Combat, special skill, and marksmanship badges, including miniatures and dress miniatures. (8) Identification badges. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 19 (9) Rosettes and lapel buttons. b. The heraldic items listed below are not authorized for purchase. (1) Medal of Honor. (a) Medal of Honor service ribbon. (b) Medal of Honor rosette. (c) Medal of Honor flag. (2) Items incorporating designs or the likeness of decorations, service medals, and service ribbons. c. The possession, wear, and other uses of heraldic items are addressed below. (1) The possession of any of the items listed in paragraph 3–14a, or elsewhere in this regulation is authorized. Wearing of any HQDA-prescribed decoration, service medal, badge, service ribbon, lapel button, or insignia by persons not authorized to do so, or the use of such items to defraud or misrepresent their identification or status, is prohibited. Persons violating this provision are subject to punishment under the provision of 18 USC 701, 18 USC 704, or the UCMJ. (2) No organization, society, or other group of persons may use any of the articles or imitations specified in paragraph 3–14a, or elsewhere in this regulation without written approval of the Secretary of the Army or his designee. d. The incorporation of designs or likenesses of approved designs in commercial articles is addressed below. (1) DA policy restricts the use of military designs. The manufacture of articles for public sale that incorporate designs or likenesses of decorations, service medals, service ribbons, and lapel buttons is prohibited. Certain designs or likenesses of insignia, such as badges or organizational insignia, may be incorporated in articles manufactured for sale, provided that permission has been granted, in writing, as specified below. (2) The ASA (M&RA) is responsible for granting permission for the incorporation of certain Army designs in articles manufactured for sale through the Army Trademark and Licensing Program per AR 27–60.