. Civilian clothing a. Civilian clothing is authorized for wear when off duty, unless the wear is prohibited by the senior commander. Commanders down to unit level may restrict the wear of civilian clothes by those Soldiers who have had their pass privileges revoked. Within the confines of a military base or a DoD installation, civilian clothing will be worn subject to local regulations. b. When on duty in civilian clothes or off duty and outside of their personal dwelling, Army personnel will present a professional image that does not detract from the profession, unless specifically exempted by the commander for specific mission requirements. c. Soldiers are associated and identified with the Army in and out of uniform, and when on or off duty. Therefore, when civilian clothing is worn, Soldiers will ensure that their dress and personal appearance are commensurate with the high standards traditionally associated with Army service. Commanders are charged with determining and publishing the local civilian clothing policy. When on a military installation, civilian headgear will be removed indoors in accordance with established norms. d. When civilian clothing has been authorized by competent authority for wear in a duty status in lieu of a uniform, the civilian clothing will be of the same comparable degree of formality as the uniform prescribed for such duty. Standards of dress and appearance will be conservative and meet the same high standards established for personnel in uniform. e. The wear of clothing articles not specifically designed to be normally worn as headgear (for example, bandannas, do rags) are prohibited while on duty. f. No part of a prescribed uniform, except those items not exclusively military in character, may be worn with civilian clothing. g. Uniform items authorized for wear with civilian clothing by males are restricted to the gold cuff links, studs, tie bar, mourning band, footwear, socks, gloves, undergarments, black bowtie, wool scarf, all-weather coat, fleece caps, and physical training uniforms. h. Uniform items authorized for wear with civilian clothing by females are restricted to the white shirt without insignia of grade, undergarments, footwear, gloves, handbag, clutch purse, wool scarf, all-weather coat, fleece caps, and physical training uniforms. i. Uniform items that have been declared obsolete may be worn with civilian clothing, provided such items contain no distinctive insignia or buttons.