. Coat, Army blue, male a. Design. The coat will be made from an approved specification or pattern. b. General description. The male Army blue coat is a single-breasted, peak-lapel, four-button coat extending below the crotch, fitting easily over the chest and shoulders, with a slight draped effect in front and back. The coat is fitted slightly at the waist, conforming to the body shape without tightness and with no prominent flare. c. Shoulder buttons. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 43 (1) Officers authorized to wear an aiguillette will attach a 20-ligne button on the left or right outside shoulder seam of the coat, depending upon the position in which the aiguillette is worn. (2) Officers authorized to wear a fourragere will attach a 20-ligne button on the left shoulder seam, 1/2 inch outside the collar edge. d. Shoulder ornamentation and insignia. (1) Shoulder straps for officers (see para 21–8b for ornamentation and insignia). (2) Shoulder loops for enlisted personnel. (a) A shoulder loop of the same material as the coat is used and attached on each shoulder. (b) The loop is 2–1/2 inches wide at the outside shoulder edge, 1–1/2 inches wide at the inside collar edge, and piped all around with gold-colored nylon or rayon cord edge braid, 1/8 inch wide. The braid is inserted in the joining seams so it is completely visible around each loop. The loop is sewn on the outside shoulder seam and extends to a point approximately 1/2 inch from the inside collar seam. The loop has a buttonhole 3/8 inch from the inside edge of the braid, which is buttoned to the shoulder with a 25-ligne button. e. Coat sleeve ornamentation. Ornamental braid is worn on both sleeves of the Army blue coat. Gold bullion, synthetic metallic gold, or gold-colored nylon or rayon braid is authorized for officers. Gold-colored nylon or rayon braid is authorized for enlisted personnel. The braid on the trouser legs and the coat sleeve will be of the same material. The bottom of the braid is positioned parallel to and 3 inches above the bottom of each sleeve as follows: (1) General officers have one 1–1/2-inch gold braid on each sleeve. (2) For all other officers, each sleeve has a 3/4-inch braid consisting of two 1/4-inch gold braids placed 1/4 inch apart on silk material of the first-named color of their basic branch. (3) Enlisted personnel have a 1/8-inch soutache braid of gold-colored nylon or rayon on each sleeve. f. How worn. The coat should fit easily over the chest and shoulders. The coat collar should fit close around the neck without gapping or overlapping, with the shirt collar showing at least 1/4 to 1/2 inch above the coat collar at the center back of the coat. The sleeves should fall 1 inch below the bottom of the wristbone, covering the shirt sleeve. The bottom edge of the coat extends 1 inch below the crotch, falling approximately to the tip of the thumb when standing at the position of attention. Coat front and back should be smooth and even at the bottom edges with no protruding or spreading (see TM 10–227 for additional fit guidance).