. Shirt, heritage tan 566, short- and long-sleeved a. Design. The clothing bag (issue) short- and long-sleeved shirts are made from a 65/35-percent polyester and cotton blend plain weave cloth in heritage tan 565. b. General description. (1) Male Soldiers. The shirt is a dress type with an eight-button front and two plain, rounded corner chest patch pockets with scalloped flaps and button closure. The officer shirt has shoulder loops and the enlisted shirt is plain. (2) Female Soldiers. (a) Issue shirt. The shirt is a short- or long-sleeved, semi-fitted hip-length style with front and back shoulder princess seams. The shirt is made with shoulder loops for officers and without shoulder loops for enlisted personnel. The shirt is designed with a collar stand attached to a straight point collar. The short-sleeved blouse has a six-button front, including the collar stand button. The long-sleeved blouse has a seven-button front, including collar stand button. (b) Optional shirt. The shirt, a tuck-in design available in both short and long sleeves, will be made from an approved specification and pattern in heritage tan 566. The shirt is made with shoulder loops for officers and without shoulder loops for enlisted personnel. c. Wear. Soldiers are authorized to wear the short- and long-sleeved shirts with the Class A coat, heritage green 564 unisex pullover sweater, windbreaker, leather service jacket, or Eisenhower jacket. (1) Soldiers must wear a heritage green four-in-hand necktie when wearing the short- or long-sleeved shirt with the Class A coat or when wearing the long-sleeved shirt as an outer garment without the Class A coat. Soldiers have the option of wearing a tie when the short-sleeved shirt is worn as an outer garment. (2) Soldiers have the option of wearing a tie when they wear the short- or long-sleeved shirts with the pullover sweater, cardigan, windbreaker, or Eisenhower jacket. If a tie is worn with the pullover sweater, windbreaker, or Eisenhower jacket, Soldiers will wear the collar of the shirt inside the sweater. If no tie is worn with the pullover sweater, the collar is worn outside. d. How worn. The collar should fit snugly, but not uncomfortably. The shirt should fit easily over the back and chest, allowing free use of arms. The sleeve length of the long-sleeved shirt should fall to the lower part of the wristbone. The rise should fit without looseness or constriction (see TM 10–227 for additional fit guidance).