/32 inches wide at the top. (5) How worn. Shoulder marks are worn by all personnel in the rank of corporal and above on the shoulder loops of the ASU shirts, the ASU maternity shirt, the black cardigan, and the black pullover. NCOs wear shoulder marks on the all-weather coat and the windbreaker. When the maternity tunic is worn, pregnant Soldiers will button the shoulder loop of the maternity shirt over the top of the tunic shoulder piece so the shoulder mark is visible. b. Shoulder straps (officers only; Army service uniform). (1) Sizes. Shoulder straps are made in large and small sizes. (a) Male (large). The large shoulder strap is 1–5/8 inches wide and 4 inches long. (b) Female (small). The small shoulder strap is 1–5/8 inches wide and 3–1/2 inches long. (2) Design. For general officers, the background is blue-black velvet. For all other officers, the background is a rayon-grosgrain ribbon of the first-named color of the officer’s basic branch. The strap has an 11/32-inch gold-colored border, surrounded on the inside and outside by a single strand in gold jaceron. If the officer’s branch has two colors, the second branch color is used as a 1/8-inch inside border in lieu of gold jaceron. Insignia and borders are rayonembroidered or bullion and jaceron (see fig 21–61). (3) Insignia. Grade insignia for officers is embroidered on the shoulder straps in the following designs: (a) General officers. The insignia is the appropriate number of silver-colored stars, each 5/8 inch in diameter. All stars are worn with one point facing the neck. Stars on the shoulder straps are placed point to point. (b) Colonel. The insignia is a silver-colored spread eagle, 5/8 inch in height, with 1–1/4 inches between the tips of the wings. Shoulder straps are made in pairs. On each strap, the eagle is centered with the head facing forward. (c) Lieutenant colonel. The insignia is a silver-colored oak leaf, 5/8 inch long and 5/8 inch wide, positioned on each end of the shoulder strap. (d) Major. The insignia is a gold-colored oak leaf, 5/8 inch long and 5/8 inch wide, positioned on each end of the shoulder strap. (e) Captain. The insignia is two silver-colored bars, each 1/4 inch wide and 5/8 inch long, parallel to the ends of the strap, 3/16 inch apart and 3/16 inch from the inside border, positioned at each end of the shoulder strap. (f) First lieutenant. The insignia is one silver-colored bar, 1/4 inch wide and 5/8 inch long, parallel to the ends of the strap and 3/16 inch from the inside border, positioned at each end of the shoulder strap. (g) Second lieutenant. The insignia is one gold-colored bar, 1/4 inch wide and 5/8 inch long, parallel to the ends of the strap and 3/16 inch from the inside border, positioned at each end of the shoulder strap. (h) Chief warrant officer 5. The insignia is a silver-colored bar, 1/4 inch wide and 3/4 inch long, with one black line in the center of the insignia. (i) Chief warrant officer 4. The insignia is a silver-colored bar, 1/4 inch wide and 3/4 inch long, with four black squares centered on the bar, positioned parallel to and at each end of the shoulder strap. (j) Chief warrant officer 3. The insignia is a silver-colored bar, 1/4 inch wide and 3/4 inch long, with three black squares centered on the bar, positioned parallel to and at each end of the shoulder strap. (k) Chief warrant officer 2. The insignia is a silver-colored bar, 1/4 inch wide and 3/4 inch long, with two black squares centered on the bar, positioned parallel to and at each end of the shoulder strap. (l) Warrant officer 1. The insignia is a silver-colored bar, 1/4 inch wide and 3/4 inch long, with one black square centered on the bar, positioned parallel to and at each end of the shoulder strap. (4) How worn. On each shoulder, the shoulder strap is sewn, snapped, or hooked to the coat of the ASU, centered lengthwise on the outside shoulder seam. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 190 Figure 21–61. Shoulder straps c. Shoulder boards (female officers). Shoulder boards are worn by female officers in the ranks of colonel and below on the old version of the white mess uniform jackets (see fig 21–62). The shoulder board is 4–11/16 inches long and 2 inches wide at the outer end. The background is wool facing cloth in silk or synthetic grosgrain or in satin cloth of the first-named color of the officer’s basic branch. The shoulder board has a gold or gold-colored nylon, rayon, or synthetic metallic gold band 3/8 inch wide, placed 1/16 inch from the outer edge of each side of the board. If the officer’s branch has two colors, the second-named color is used as a 1/8-inch border placed against the inside edge of each gold band. The grade insignia is embroidered in gold or silver bullion or synthetic metallic yarn and is centered 5/8 inch from the lower edge of the shoulder board. Detachable shoulder boards are worn on each shoulder with the square end of the shoulder board positioned on the outside shoulder seam. Note. Enlisted female Soldiers may not wear the older version of the white mess uniform. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 191 Figure 21–62. Shoulder boards DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 192 d. Rank insignia tabs. Subdued cloth rank insignia tabs are optional purchase items for wear on the ECWCS (GoreTex®) parka. Tabs are 1–1/2 inches wide by 2 inches long on a camouflage background and are sewn closed. The rank insignia tabs slip over the front tab of the parka.