. Undergarments a. Brassieres and underpants (female). (1) Type. Brassieres and underpants are a one-time cash allowance purchase as part of the initial clothing bag allowance. (2) Description. Brassieres and underpants may be of a commercial design in white, black, or other neutral colors that are not readily apparent when worn under the uniform. The category of brassieres also includes sports bras. (3) How worn. Female Soldiers will wear brassieres and underpants with all uniforms. b. Camisole (female). (1) Type. The camisole is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The camisole is of a commercial design in white, black, or other neutral colors not readily apparent under the uniform. (3) How worn. (a) Female Soldiers are authorized to wear the camisole with all uniforms. The camisole is not a substitute for the tan 499 undershirt when the tan 499 undershirt is normally part of the uniform, such as the ACU, flight uniform, cold weather uniform, and so forth. (b) The camisole is not a substitute for brassieres. Female Soldiers will ensure that uniforms fit properly when wearing the camisole. c. Drawers (male). (1) Type. Drawers are clothing bag issue items or optional purchase items for male Soldiers. (2) Description. The drawers are brown in brief length. (3) How worn. Male Soldiers will wear drawers with all uniforms. Either the brief or boxer style drawers are authorized for wear. Male Soldiers also may wear commercially-purchased brief or boxer versions of drawers in white, brown, tan, sand, or other neutral colors. d. Slips (female). (1) Type. Slips are a one-time cash allowance purchase as part of the initial clothing bag allowance. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 146 (2) Description. Slips will be of a commercial design in white, black, or other neutral colors not readily apparent under the uniform. (3) How worn. Female Soldiers will wear slips with the service, dress, and mess skirts. e. Undershirt, tan 499 (male and female). (1) Type. The undershirt is a clothing bag issue item or optional purchase items. (2) Description. The material is cotton-knit cloth or 50-percent cotton and 50-percent polyester with quarter-length sleeves and a crew neck or is of a similar commercial design. (3) How worn. All personnel will wear the tan 499 undershirt with all utility uniforms, except for and garrison culinary uniforms. (4) Foliage green undershirt alternative. The foliage green undershirt is 100-percent cotton and is authorized for wear in lieu of the tan 499 undershirt by those Soldiers in jobs that have an associated flame risk or hazard. Those Soldiers authorized wear are outlined in CTA 50–900. The foliage green undershirt is required to support those individuals in armor and aviation fields that cannot wear the tan 499 moisture-wicking t-shirt, to include fuel handlers and others who handle hazardous materials. f. Undershirt, white, crew neck (male). (1) Type. The crew neck undershirt is a clothing bag issue item for male Soldiers. (2) Description. The white undershirt is of a commercial design, short-sleeved, in a crew neck style. (3) How worn. (a) Male Soldiers wear the white crew neck undershirt with the service, dress, mess, and garrison culinary uniforms. (b) Personnel are not authorized to wear the white crew neck undershirt with the ACU, flight uniforms, CVC uniforms, or other utility or field uniforms that require wearing the tan 499 undershirt. g. Undershirt, white, V-neck. (1) Type. The V-neck undershirt is an optional purchase item for all Soldiers. (2) Description. The white V-neck undershirt is of a commercial design, short-sleeved, in a V-neck style. (3) How worn. (a) Soldiers may wear the V-neck undershirt with the service, dress, mess, and garrison culinary uniforms. Female Soldiers may not substitute the V-neck undershirt for brassieres and they must ensure that uniforms fit properly when wearing the V-neck undershirt. Male Soldiers may not substitute the V-neck undershirt for the crew neck undershirt. (b) Personnel are not authorized to wear the white V-neck undershirt with the ACU, flight uniforms, CVC uniforms, or other utility or field uniforms that require wearing the tan 499 undershirt. h. Breastfeeding or pumping undershirt alternative. The breastfeeding or pumping undershirt is available in both 499 tan and white and is available for optional purchase by Soldiers who are breastfeeding or pumping. The undershirt is equipped with a dual layer over the chest (see fig 20–20). The top layer can be lifted and the lower layer can be pulled down to allow exposure for breastfeeding or pumping. The tan 499 breastfeeding or pumping undershirt may be worn with Class C utility uniforms. The white breastfeeding or pumping undershirt may be worn with the garrison culinary uniform, the ASU, AGSU, and dress uniforms. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 147 Figure 20–20. Breastfeeding or pumping undershirt