. Insignia, distinguishing, U.S. Army tape, nametape, and nameplate a. Insignia, distinguishing, U.S. Army tape. (1) Description. For the combat utility uniforms and ECWCS, the insignia is a 5-inch hook-and-loop pad with the inscription “U.S. Army” in black block letters sewn on a camouflage pattern tape to match the uniform. The letters are 3/4 inch high and 1/2 inch wide. (2) How worn. The “U.S. Army” tape is worn on the wear’s left breast pocket of the combat uniform immediately above the top of the slanted chest pocket flap and parallel to the ground (see fig 21–143). The background of the U.S. Army insignia is a camouflage pattern that matches the uniform. When personnel sew on badges, the following must also be sewn on the utility uniform coat: nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. This requirement does not apply to the patrol cap. If a Soldier sews on a U.S. Army tape, nametape, or grade insignia, then all three items must be sewn on. Note. Personnel will not wear the U.S. Army insignia tape on the garrison culinary uniform. Personnel are not authorized to have the words “U.S. Army” embroidered directly on the uniform. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 239 Figure 21–143. Wearing nametape and U.S. Army distinguishing nametape b. Insignia, nametape. (1) Description. For the combat utility uniforms and applicable ECWCS jackets, the insignia is a 5-inch hookand-loop pad with the individual’s last name in black block letters sewn on a camouflage pattern tape to match the uniform. The letters are 3/4 inch high and 1/2 inch wide. No punctuation, symbols, or special characters are authorized on the nametape. Last names consisting of 11 letters or more are constructed using Franklin gothic extra-condensed print (48 point) 1/2 inch high. (2) How worn. (a) Combat uniform. The nametape is worn on the wearer’s right breast pocket of the combat uniform immediately above the top of the slanted chest pocket flap and parallel to the ground (see fig 21–143). The background of the nametape insignia is a camouflage pattern that matches the uniform. When personnel sew on badges, the following must also be sewn on the utility uniform coat: nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. This requirement does not apply to the patrol cap. If a Soldier sews on a U.S. Army tape, nametape, or grade insignia, then all three items must be sewn on. (b) Extended Cold Weather Clothing System jacket. For ECWCS jackets with hook-and-loop pads, personnel wear hook-and-loop nametape and U.S. Army tape insignia on the applicable cold weather garments. For ECWCS jackets without hook-and-loop pads, personnel will wear the nametape on the left sleeve pocket flap. The nametape is a strip of camouflage pattern cloth, 1/2 inch wide and either 3–1/2 inches long or 5–1/4 inches long, depending on the size of the pocket flap, with the individual’s last name in 1/4 inch wide black block lettering. The nametape can accommodate up to 14 characters. No other size nametape is authorized to be worn on the parka. The nametape will be centered left to right on the bottom of the pocket flap 1/4 inch above the bottom of the flap. Personnel are not authorized to wear the nametape in any other location other than the pocket flap and they are not authorized to embroider the name directly onto the pocket flap. Note. See paragraph 21–3f for wearing nametapes on helmet bands. (3) How to obtain. Initial and replacement nametapes are provided at no cost to enlisted members and are procured from appropriated funds. If facilities are not available at installations for inscribing and attaching nametapes, contracting for such services with local vendors is authorized. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 240 c. Insignia, nameplate (not authorized on the Army green service uniform or it components). (1) Description. (a) The nameplate is a black, laminated plastic plate, 1 inch by 3 inches, 1/16 inch thick, with a white border not to exceed 1/32 inch wide. Lettering is block type, indented white lettering, 3/8 inch in height, and centered on the plate. Only last names are used on the nameplates. No punctuation symbols or special characters are authorized. Gloss or nongloss finish is authorized on the nameplate. (b) Modifications to the nameplate to add other insignia or information are prohibited unless authorized by HQDA. Personnel will not wear nameplates with unauthorized additions or translations outside of the area for which they are authorized. (2) How worn. (a) Male personnel. On the ASU shirt and on the ASU coat, the nameplate is worn centered left to right on the flap of the right breast pocket and centered between the top of the button and the top of the pocket (see figures in chap 11). On the garrison culinary smock, the nameplate is worn centered horizontally on the wearer’s right side to the right of the first and second buttons with the bottom of the nameplate parallel to the top of the left breast pocket. On the black pullover sweater, the nameplate is worn centered on the black patch of the sweater, except when wearing the DUI or RDI. When wearing a DUI or RDI, the nameplate is placed 1/4 inch above the bottom of the black patch with the top of the DUI or RDI placed 1/4 inch below the top edge of the patch and centered left to right. Personnel may adjust the placement of the nameplate and DUI or RDI up or down on the patch to allow for large DUI or RDI or to adjust to body configuration. (b) Female personnel. On the ASU, the nameplate is worn 1 to 2 inches above the top button of the coat and centered horizontally on the wearer’s right side (see fig 21–144). On the ASU shirt and maternity tunic, the nameplate is worn in a comparable position. On the garrison culinary smock, the nameplate is worn centered horizontally on the wearer’s right side to the right of the first and second buttons with the bottom of the nameplate parallel to the top of the left breast pocket. On the old-style Army blue uniform, the nameplate is worn centered horizontally on the wearer’s right side, slightly above the top edge of the top button. On the black pullover sweater, the nameplate is worn centered on the black patch of the sweater, except when wearing the DUI or RDI. When wearing a DUI or RDI, the nameplate is placed 1/4 inch above the bottom of the black patch with the top of the DUI or RDI placed 1/4 inch below the top edge of the patch and centered left to right. Personnel may adjust the placement of the nameplate and DUI or RDI up or down on the patch to allow for large DUI or RDI or to adjust to body configuration. Figure 21–144. Wearing the nameplate on Army service uniform and dress variation, female