. Distinctive unit insignia a. Authorization. DUI of a design approved by The Institute on Heraldry are authorized and prescribed for wear on the service uniform of personnel in the echelons outlined in AR 670–1. The design of the DUI is metal or metal and enamel only. b. Authorized wearers. When a DUI is authorized, all personnel assigned to the organization wear the insignia, except general officers, the SEAC, and the SMA. General officers wear their RDI on the pullover sweater. The SEAC wears the SEAC collar insignia in lieu of the DUI. The SMA and the Army enlisted staff members assigned to the office of the SMA wear the SMA collar insignia in lieu of the DUI. c. How worn. (1) Soldiers (except general officers) wear the DUI on the service uniform coat centered on the shoulder loops an equal distance from the outside shoulder seam to the outside edge of the button with the base of the insignia toward the outside shoulder seam when grade insignia is not worn on the should loops. If grade insignia is worn on the shoulder loops, the equal distance is measured from the inside edge of the grade insignia to the outside edge of the button. Soldiers are not authorized to wear the DUI on the dress variation (see fig 21–138). Figure 21–138. Wearing distinctive unit insignia on shoulder loops (2) On the beret, enlisted personnel wear the DUI centered on the organizational flash. Soldiers assigned to units not authorized a DUI wear the RDI on the beret in the same manner as the DUI. The SMA and enlisted staff members assigned to the Office of the SMA wear the SMA collar insignia in lieu of the assigned DUI. The SEAC wears the SEAC collar insignia in lieu of the DUI. (3) Soldiers (except chaplains, general officers, the SEAC, and the SMA) wear the DUI centered above the nameplate on the pullover sweater with the top edge of the insignia 1/4 inch below the top edge of the patch on the sweater. Soldiers assigned to units not authorized the DUI wear the RDI on the pullover sweater in the same manner as the DUI (see fig 21–139). Soldiers currently on recruiting duty wear the recruiting badge in lieu of the DUI or RDI on the pullover sweater. Chaplains wear their branch insignia. General officers wear the RDI. The SEAC wears SEAC insignia. The SMA and enlisted staff members assigned to the Office of the SMA wear the SMA insignia. All Soldiers may adjust the placement of the DUI or RDI up or down on the patch to allow for large DUI or RDI or to adjust to body configuration. (4) Soldiers (except chaplains, general officers, the SEAC, and the SMA) wear the DUI centered on the patch of the heritage green 564 pullover sweater. Soldiers assigned to units not authorized the DUI wear the RDI on the heritage green 564 pullover sweater in the same manner as the DUI (see fig 21–140). Soldiers currently on recruiting duty wear the recruiting badge in lieu of the DUI or RDI on the heritage green 564 pullover sweater. Chaplains wear their DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 236 branch insignia. General officers wear the RDI. The SEAC wears SEAC insignia. The SMA and enlisted staff members assigned to the Office of the SMA wear the SMA insignia. All Soldiers may adjust the placement of the DUI or RDI up or down on the patch to allow for large DUI or RDI or to adjust to body configuration. Figure 21–139. Wearing distinctive unit insignia or regimental distinctive insignia on black pullover Figure 21–140. Wearing distinctive unit insignia or regimental distinctive insignia on heritage green 564 pullover