. Chief, National Guard Bureau The CNGB will— a. Ensure State adjutants general publish in writing restrictions they implement on the wearing of utility and organizational uniforms off military installations. b. Ensure that commanders of ARNG divisions, separate brigades, infantry regiments, the infantry scout group, and State adjutants general for separate infantry battalions and companies authorize wear of the shoulder cord for ARNG Soldiers who have successfully completed the appropriate training. c. Ensure that ARNG military technicians who are required to wear the uniform as a condition of their employment will wear the uniform for their federally recognized grade, as prescribed by the Adjutant General of their State, commonwealth, territory, or district. d. Ensure that ARNG personnel who wear the Army uniform in the performance of State service are authorized to do so by the Adjutant General for their State, commonwealth, territory, or district. e. Ensure that ARNG technicians, who are also members of the ARNG, wear the appropriate Army duty uniform while engaged in their civil service status. f. Ensure that recruiting and retention managers (O–5 or above) make initial entry determinations for ARNG Soldiers that tattoos or brands comply with policy (see para. 3–3). This authority will not be delegated further. g. Ensure that ARNG Soldiers wear SSI as follows: (1) Members of the ARNG not in active Federal service wear the SSI of the division, separate brigade, or separate cavalry regiment to which assigned, including brigades integrated into RA divisions. (2) Members of a troop command, recruiting ARNG assigned to the ARNG Element Joint Forces Headquarters, and its detachments and retention, medical detachment, training sites, and support units not authorized an SSI wear the ARNG Element Joint Forces Headquarters SSI designed for that state, commonwealth, territory, or district. However, members of the Selective Service System section will wear the Selective Service System SSI. (3) Assigned and attached staff and faculty members of ARNG activities that are part of the Total Army School System (TASS) wear the ARNG TASS SSI. These activities include TASS regional training institute, brigades, AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 3 regiments, battalions, squadrons, companies, batteries, and troops; NCO academies, special training sites; the ARNG professional education center; and the National Guard marksmanship training unit. (4) Members of ARNG units not authorized a distinctive SSI, other than those indicated in paragraphs 21–17d(9)(a) through 21–17d(9)(c), wear the insignia of their ARNG Element Joint Forces Headquarters. h. Ensure that ARNG trainees wear the insignia of their parent ARNG organization as soon as they are issued uniforms and that their parent units provide initial entry training Soldiers with their SSI before they enter initial entry training. i. Ensure that all members of the ARNG on any form of paid or unpaid inactive duty, active duty, annual training, full-time National Guard duty, or AGR duty will wear the uniform and insignia prescribed for personnel in the RA. ARNG personnel are authorized to wear the Army uniform on occasions specified in para. 23–2: j. Ensure that ARNG Soldiers do not wear the Army uniform under the prohibited circumstances listed in paragraph 3–7k. k. When State Defense Forces (SDF) adopt the Army service uniform and the Army utility uniform, ensure that all service uniform buttons, cap devices, and other insignia differ significantly from that prescribed for wear by members of the U.S. Army. Ensure that State insignia does not include “United States,” “U.S.,” “U.S. Army,” or the Great Seal of the United States. Personnel of the SDF may wear a State-designed SDF distinguishing badge or insignia centered on the left pocket flap. Ensure that the red nametape or nameplate includes the full title of the SDF (for example, “Texas State Guard”). Ensure the utility uniforms contains a State SDF tape in lieu of “U.S. Army” over the left breast pocket. And ensure that States wishing to adopt the Army service and utility uniforms register with the CNGB. l. Ensure that ARNG personnel comply with the applicable provisions of this regulation and the guidance published in DA Pam 670–1.