. Jewelry Note. This paragraph is punitive with regard to Soldiers. Violation by Soldiers may result in adverse administrative action and/or charges under the provisions of the UCMJ a. Soldiers may wear a wristwatch, a wrist religious or identification bracelet, and a total of two rings (a wedding set is considered one ring) with Army uniforms, unless prohibited by the commander for safety or health reasons. Soldiers may also wear one activity tracker, pedometer, or heart rate monitor. Any jewelry or monitors Soldiers wear while in uniform or civilian clothes on duty must be conservative. Bracelets are limited to medical alert bracelets, missing in action, prisoner of war, killed in action (black or silver color only), and religious bracelets similar in size and appearance to identification bracelets. Soldiers are authorized to wear only one item on each wrist while in uniform or in civilian clothes on duty. In addition to the one item (watch or identification bracelet) authorized to be worn on each wrist, Soldiers may wear an activity tracker, pedometer, or heart rate monitor. Male Soldiers may wear a conservative tie tack or tie clasp with a necktie. Female Soldiers may wear earrings as described in paragraph 3–4d. b. No jewelry, other than that described in paragraphs 3–4a or 3–4d, can appear exposed while in uniform, or in civilian clothes on duty. Additional guidance on religious items is described in paragraph 3–15. Pens and/or pencils of any color may be worn exposed in the pen and pencil slots on any uniform with such slots. c. Attaching, affixing, or displaying objects, articles, jewelry, or ornamentation to, through, or under their skin, tongue, or any other body part is prohibited. This applies to all Soldiers on or off duty. The only exception is the wear of earrings consistent with paragraph 3–4d. (The term “skin” is not confined to external skin but includes the tongue, lips, inside the mouth, and other surfaces of the body not readily visible.) d. Females only are authorized to wear earrings with the service, dress, mess, and evening mess uniforms. (1) Earrings may be screw-on, clip-on, or post-type earrings in gold, silver, white pearl, or diamond. The earrings will not exceed 6 mm or 1⁄4 inch in diameter, and they must be unadorned and spherical. When worn, the earrings will fit snugly against the ear. Females may wear earrings only as a matched pair, with only one earring per ear lobe. (2) Females are not authorized to wear earrings with any Class C uniform (combat, utility, garrison culinary, physical fitness, field, or organizational). AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 14 (3) When in civilian clothes on duty, female Soldiers must comply with the specifications listed in paragraph 3– 4d(1), when wearing earrings, unless otherwise authorized by the commander. Male Soldiers may not wear earrings when in civilian clothes on duty. (4) When male and female Soldiers are not in uniform and off duty, earring wear is not restricted as long as the earrings do not create or support ear gauging (enlarged holes in the lobe of the ear, greater than 1.6 mm). e. Ankle bracelets, toe rings, necklaces (other than those described in para 3–15), faddish (trendy) devices, medallions, amulets, and personal talismans or icons are not authorized for wear while in uniform or in civilian clothes on duty. f. The use of gold caps, platinum caps, or caps of any unnatural color or texture (permanent or removable) for purposes of dental ornamentation is prohibited. Teeth, whether natural, capped, or veneered, will not be decorated with designs, jewels, initials, or similar ornamentation. Unnatural shaping of teeth for nonmedical reasons is prohibited. Commanders may consider waivers for permanent caps that were applied prior to the effective date of this regulation. Such waivers must be approved by the first O–5 commander in the chain of command and documented in an official memorandum, which must be uploaded to the Soldier’s AMHRR. A picture of the permanent caps must be appended as an enclosure to the memorandum.