. Appurtenances Appurtenances are devices affixed to service or suspension ribbons or worn instead of medals or ribbons. They are worn to denote additional awards, participation in a specific event, or other distinguished characteristics of the award. When authorized by the proper authority, the following appurtenances may be worn on decorations, medals, ribbons, and other awards (see AR 670–1 for wear policy): a. Oak leaf clusters. A bronze or silver twig of four oak leaves with three acorns on the stem. Personnel wear oak leaf clusters centered on the service ribbons, the suspension ribbon of full-sized and miniature medals, and unit award emblems with the stems of the leaves pointing to the wearer’s right. A silver oak leaf cluster is worn instead of five bronze oak leaf clusters. Oak leaf clusters joined together in series of two, three, and four are authorized for optional purchase and wear. Silver oak leaf clusters are worn to the wearer’s right of bronze oak leaf clusters. When worn with the “V” device, oak leaf clusters are worn to the wearer’s left of the “V” device. Oak leaf clusters 5/16 inch long are worn on service ribbons, the suspension ribbon of miniature medals, and unit awards. Oak leaf clusters 13/32 inch long are worn on the suspension ribbon of full-sized medals (see AR 600–8–22 for associated decorations). (1) Service ribbon bar and unit award emblem. A maximum of four oak leaf clusters may be worn on a single ribbon. A maximum of three oak leaf clusters may be worn with the “V” device on a single ribbon for a total of four devices on the ribbon. If the number of authorized devices exceeds four, then a second ribbon is authorized for wear and is worn to the wearer’s left of the first ribbon. (2) Suspension ribbon of full-sized and miniature medals. Oak leaf clusters are worn in rows of three. Up to two oak leaf clusters and a “V” device may be worn in a single row for a total of three devices in the row. Subsequent rows are centered on the row beneath. b. “V” device. Personnel wear the “V” device centered on the service ribbon and the suspension ribbon of fullsized and miniature medals. When worn with oak leaf clusters, the “V” device is worn to the wearer’s right of the oak leaf clusters. Not more than one “V” device is worn on any one ribbon or medal. In the case of multiple “V” devices DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 276 for the same award, only one “V” device is worn. “V” device, 1/4 inch high, is worn on the service ribbon and on the suspension ribbon of full-sized medals. Miniature “V” device, 1/8 inch high, is worn on the suspension ribbon on miniature medals (see AR 600–8–22 for associated decorations). c. Numerals. Personnel wear Arabic numerals centered on the service ribbon and suspension ribbon of full-sized medals. Arabic numerals are 3/16 inch in height. Arabic numerals are not manufactured in a miniature size and are not worn on miniature medals. Arabic numerals are worn to the wearer’s left of the “V” device. Numerals worn on the AFRM are worn to the wearer’s left of the “M” device and are positioned centered on the wearer’s left side of the ribbon, equally spaced between the “M” device and the edge of the ribbon (see AR 600–8–22 for associated decorations). d. Clasps. Unique clasps are worn on the following medals: (1) The Army Good Conduct Medal. A bar of bronze, silver, or gold with loops indicative of each period of service. Personnel wear the AGCM clasp centered on the AGCM service ribbon and the suspension ribbon of full-sized and miniature AGCM. The AGCM clasp, 1/8 inch high by 1–3/8 inches long, is worn on the service ribbon and on the suspension ribbon of full-sized medals. The miniature AGCM clasp is worn on the suspension ribbon on miniature medals (see table 22–2 for description of clasps authorized for second and subsequent awards of the AGCM). (2) The Antarctica Service Medal. A bronze, gold, or silver clasp bearing the words “Wintered Over” in raised letters. Personnel wear the Antarctica Service Medal clasp centered on the suspension ribbon of the full-sized Antarctica Service Medal. The Antarctica Service Medal clasp is 1/4 inch high by 1–1/4 inches long. The Antarctica Service Medal clasp is not manufactured in miniature size and is not worn on the miniature Antarctica Service Medal. (3) Additional clasps. Additional clasps prescribed in AR 600–8–22 are authorized for wear. All clasps, except the AGCM clasp, are worn only on the suspension ribbon of the medal. e. Service stars (campaign or battle stars). A bronze or silver five-pointed star. Personnel wear service stars centered on the service ribbon and the suspension ribbon of full-sized and miniature medals with one point upward. A silver star is worn instead of five bronze stars. Stars joined together in series of two, three, and four are authorized for optional purchase and wear. Silver service stars are worn to the wearer’s right of bronze service stars. When worn with an arrowhead device, service stars are worn to the wearer’s left of the arrowhead device. Stars 3/16 inch in diameter are worn on the service ribbons and the suspension ribbon of full-sized medals. Miniature stars 1/8 inch in diameter are worn centered on the suspension ribbon of miniature medals (see AR 600–8–22 for associated decorations). (1) Service ribbon bar. A maximum of four stars may be worn on a single ribbon. A maximum of three stars may be worn with the arrowhead device on a single ribbon for a total of four devices on the ribbon. If the number of devices exceeds four, then a second ribbon is authorized for wear and is worn to the wearer’s left of the first ribbon. (2) Suspension ribbon of full-sized and miniature medals. Stars are worn in rows of four on the suspension ribbon of full-sized and miniature medals. Up to three stars and an arrowhead device may be worn in a single row for a total of four devices in the row. Subsequent rows are centered on the row beneath. f. Arrowhead. A bronze replica of an Indian arrowhead. Personnel wear the arrowhead device centered on the service ribbons and the suspension ribbons of the full-sized medals with the point facing upward. The arrowhead device is 1/4 inch in height. The arrowhead device is not manufactured in a miniature size and is not worn on miniature medals. When worn with service stars, the arrowhead device is worn to the wearer’s right of the stars. Not more than one arrowhead device is worn on any one ribbon or medal (see AR 600–8–22 for associated decorations and AR