. General This chapter covers the wear of decorations, service medals, badges, unit awards, and appurtenances, both U.S. and foreign, authorized for wear on Army uniforms. The term “award” is an all-inclusive term covering any decoration, service medal, badge, ribbon, or appurtenance bestowed on an individual or unit. The term “ribbon” is an all-inclusive term covering that portion of the suspension ribbon of a service medal or decoration that is worn instead of the service medal or decoration. The ribbon is made in the form of a ribbon bar, 1–3/8 inches wide by 3/8 inches high. The term “ribbon” is used throughout this chapter and it includes service and training ribbons.
). Figure 22–1. Wearing ribbons centered and aligned to the left (a) Male personnel. On the ASU coat and service uniform shirt, male Soldiers wear the ribbons centered 1/8 inch above the left breast pocket. Ribbon mounts will remain centered above the pocket even if the top ribbon row is offset (see fig 22–2). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 263 Figure 22–2. Wearing ribbons on the Army service uniform, male (b) Female personnel. On the ASU coat, service uniform shirt, and the maternity tunic, female Soldiers wear the ribbons centered on the left side, with the bottom row positioned parallel to the bottom edge of the nameplate. Female Soldiers may adjust the placement of the ribbons to conform to individual body shape differences (see fig 22–3). Figure 22–3. Wearing ribbons on the Army service uniform, female (c) Army green service uniform. On the AGSU coat, Soldiers wear the ribbons centered 1/8 inch above the left breast pocket. Ribbon mounts will remain centered above the pocket even if the top ribbon row is offset (see fig 22–4). Ribbons are not authorized on the AGSU shirt. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 264 Figure 22–4. Wearing ribbons on the Army green service uniform b. Lapel buttons. Lapel buttons are miniature enameled replicas of an award that are worn only on civilian clothing. Male Soldiers wear the buttons on the left lapel of civilian clothing. Female Soldiers wear the buttons in a similar location on their civilian attire. c. Gold star lapel button. Soldiers authorized to wear the gold star lapel button (see AR 670–1) will wear it on the ASU and AGSU coats as follows: enlisted Soldiers will wear the gold star lapel button centered both vertically and horizontally on the wearer’s left lapel; officers will wear the gold star lapel button centered on the wearer’s left lapel 1/4 inch below the branch insignia. Personnel will not wear these buttons for official photographs or for promotion or selection boards. If authorized both the gold star lapel button and the next of kin lapel button, Soldiers wear them as instructed by this paragraph, but side by side with at least 1/4 inch between the buttons. There is no order of precedence between the buttons. d. Next of kin lapel button. Soldiers authorized to wear the next of kin lapel button (see AR 670–1) will wear it on the ASU and AGSU coats as follows: enlisted Soldiers will wear the next of kin lapel button centered both vertically and horizontally on the wearer’s left lapel; officers will wear the next of kin lapel button centered on the wearer’s left lapel 1/4 inch below the branch insignia. Personnel will not wear these buttons for official photographs or for promotion or selection boards. If authorized both the gold star lapel button and the next of kin lapel button, Soldiers wear them as instructed by this paragraph, but side by side with at least 1/4 inch between the buttons. There is no order of precedence between the buttons.