. U.S. and foreign unit awards a. The authority for wear of U.S. unit awards on a temporary or permanent basis is contained in table 22–1. Table 22–1 Authority for wear—U.S. unit award emblems—Continued Emblem in order of Authority for wear Subsequent award precedence Permanent1 Temporary2 Oak leaf cluster Star Presidential Unit Cita- X4 X X5 tion (Army and Air Force)3 Presidential Unit Cita- X4 X tion (Navy and Marine Corps) Coast Guard Presiden- X7 X tial Unit Citation Joint Meritorious Unit X X Award DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 272 Table 22–1 Authority for wear—U.S. unit award emblems—Continued Army Valorous Unit X X X Award Navy Unit Commenda- X4 X tion Air Force Gallant Unit X4 X Award Coast Guard Unit Com- X7 X mendation Army Meritorious Unit X X X Commendation Navy Meritorious Unit X4 X Commendation Air Force Meritorious X4 X Unit Award Coast Guard Meritori- X7 X ous Unit Commendation Army Superior Unit X X X Award Air Force Outstanding X4 X Unit Award6 Coast Guard Meritori- X7 X ous Team Commendation Navy “E” Ribbon8 X Air Force Organization X4 X Excellence Award6 Coast Guard “E” Rib- X bon8 DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 273 Table 22–1 Authority for wear—U.S. unit award emblems—Continued Notes. 1 A Soldier may wear the unit award permanently if the individual was assigned to and present for duty with the unit any time during the period cited, or if the individual was attached by competent orders to and present for duty with the unit during the entire period or for at least 30 consecutive days of the period cited. When a Soldier is permanently awarded a unit award and is subsequently assigned to a unit that has received the same unit award, the Soldier will wear the permanent award in lieu of the temporary unit award. 2 A Soldier may wear the unit award temporarily if the individual was not present with the unit during the period cited, but was subsequently assigned to the unit. Soldiers may wear the unit award only while assigned to the cited unit. For elements of regiments organized under the New Manning System, only personnel of the earning unit wear the emblem temporarily. Temporary unit awards will not be worn for official photographs or for promotion or selection boards. 3 Personnel may not wear the Air Force Presidential Unit Citation on a temporary basis. 4 The 30-day requirement for attached personnel does not apply to Navy and Air Force awards. 5 Army and Air Force awards are equal in precedence and the emblems are identical. An individual authorized to wear both an Army and Air Force emblem would wear a single emblem with an oak leaf cluster. 6 When awarded for combat or direct combat support, a bronze “V” device is worn on the emblem. 7 Authorized for wear by an individual who was assigned to or who was attached to and present for duty with the unit. 8 For each award of the Navy “E” Ribbon, one Battle “E” device is authorized for wear on ribbon, up to the third award. When a service member receives a fourth Navy “E” award, a Wreathed Battle “E” device is bestowed. This replaces the first three devices and effectively closes out the award ribbon, meaning that no further devices are authorized for display of additional awards. While Servicemembers may receive more than four Navy “E”s, only four may be displayed. b. Where worn. Personnel may wear U.S. and foreign unit award emblems on the ASU and AGSU coats and the ASU shirt. Female personnel may also wear U.S. and foreign unit award emblems on the maternity tunic. c. How worn. All permanent and temporary unit award emblems with or without frames are worn in the order of precedence from the wearer’s right to left. Unit awards are worn on the right side of the uniform, regardless of which service or agency awarded them. Only one emblem representing the same unit award is worn at one time. Unit award emblems awarded with frames are worn with the laurel leaves of the frame painting upward. Award emblems are worn in rows containing no more than three emblems per row with no space between emblems and with up to 1/8-inch space between rows, depending upon the size of emblems with frames. Personnel may wear unit awards when wearing full-sized medals or service ribbons, but they may not wear them with miniature medals. Unit awards received from other U.S. Services that have a frame are worn with the Army (large size) unit award citation frame. Unit awards of the other U.S. Services that do not have frames are worn on the right side without frames. The criteria for permanent and temporary wear of foreign unit awards are contained in AR 670–1. Personnel will not wear temporary unit awards for official photographs or for promotion or selection boards. The emblems are worn as follows: (1) Male personnel. Emblems with or without frames are worn centered with the bottom edge of the emblem 1/8 inch above the right breast pocket flap (see fig 22–15). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 274 Figure 22–15. Wearing unit awards, male (2) Female personnel. Emblems with or without frames are worn centered on the right side of the uniform with the bottom edge of the emblem 1/2 inch above the top of the nameplate (see fig 22–16). Figure 22–16. Wearing unit awards, female (3) Army green service uniform. Emblems with or without frames are worn centered on the right side of the uniform with the bottom edge 1/8 inch above the breast pocket flap (see fig 22–17). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 275 Figure 22–17. Wearing unit awards, Army green service uniform d. Fourrageres and lanyards. (1) Fourrageres and lanyards are authorized for wear on the ASU and AGSU coats and the ASU shirt. (2) Permanent and temporary fourrageres and lanyards, when authorized for wear, are worn on the left shoulder with the cord passing under the sleeve and attached to the shoulder loop on the coat of the enlisted ASU and AGSU. Officers authorized to wear a fourragere or lanyard on the ASU and AGSU coats must attach a 20-ligne button to the left shoulder seam, 1/2 inch outside the collar edge, to attach these awards. Only one fourragere, lanyard, aiguillette, or cord is authorized for wear on each shoulder.