). Personnel may wear miniature ID badges on the Class B version (service uniform) shirts, but may not mix full-sized ID badges with miniature ID badges, unless badges are not available (manufactured) in miniature size (such as the combat service identification badge (CSIB)). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 327 Figure 22–86. Wearing identification badges on the Army service uniform coat, male (b) On the AGSU, ID badges are worn centered on the pocket of the coat. Only one ID badge will be worn per side. The badge is centered between the bottom of the pocket flap and the bottom of the pocket and centered from left to right (see fig 22–87). Figure 22–87. Wearing identification badges on the Army green service uniform coat, male (c) On the mess and evening mess uniforms, ID badges are worn centered between the upper two buttons of the jacket with 1 inch between badges when two are worn on the same side (see fig 22–88). Personnel are authorized to wear full-sized ID badges with miniature ID badges on the mess and evening mess uniforms when the badges are not available (manufactured) in miniature size (such as the CSIB). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 328 Figure 22–88. Wearing identification badges on the mess uniform, male (2) Female personnel. (a) On the ASU, service uniform shirt, and the maternity tunic, ID badges are worn parallel to the waistline of the coat. When two badges are worn on the same side, they are worn with 1 inch between badges (see fig 22–89). If no other awards, decorations, or insignia (other than the nameplate and rank) are worn on the ASU Class B shirts, female Soldiers may place the ID badge parallel to the nameplate or approximately 1 inch above the nameplate, depending upon which side the badge is worn (see fig 22–90). Female Soldiers may adjust placement of badges to conform to individual body shape differences. Personnel may wear miniature ID badges on the ASU Class B shirts, but may not mix full-sized ID badges with miniature ID badges, unless badges are not available (manufactured) in miniature size (such as the CSIB). Figure 22–89. Wearing identification badges on the Army service uniform coat, female DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 329 Figure 22–90. Wearing identification badges on the service uniform shirt, female (b) On the AGSU, ID badges are worn centered with the bottom of the badge parallel to the third buttonhole of the coat, centered on the pocket flap button (see fig 22–91). Only one ID badge will be worn per side. Female Soldiers may adjust placement of badges to conform to individual body shape differences. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 330 Figure 22–91. Wearing identification badges on the Army green service uniform coat, female (c) On the mess and evening mess uniforms, ID badges are worn centered between the lower two buttons of the jacket with 1 inch between badges when two are worn on the same side (see fig 22–92). Personnel are authorized to wear full-sized ID badges with miniature ID badges on the mess and evening mess uniforms when the badges are not available (manufactured) in miniature size (such as the CSIB). Figure 22–92. Wearing identification badges on the mess uniform, female DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 331 d. Wearing subdued identification badges. Subdued badges are worn on the utility uniforms and the combat uniform, when authorized, with the badge centered on the appropriate breast pocket between the bottom of the pocket flap and the bottom of the pocket or in a similar location on uniforms without pockets. Badges will be parallel to the ground and worn centered on the pocket (not including the pocket flap). Background material of sew-on badges is not included as part of the measurement for placement of badges. Soldiers are authorized to move ID badges to the opposite side of the ACU coat to wear two badges normally prescribed for the same side of the ACU. Soldiers may move the lower precedence badge to the left side of the ACU coat. Soldiers remain limited to a total of two ID badges on the ACUs, one per side. This authorization affects the following ID badges: the Guard, Tomb of the Unknown Soldier; military horseman; drill sergeant; U.S. Army recruiter; master gunner; Army career counselor; recruiting and retention (ARNG); and the instructor ID badges. Soldiers are authorized to wear only one recruiting badge on their uniform at a time. e. Position and wear of identification badges. Badges are worn as described below and in paragraphs 22–17c and 22–17d. Badges are worn first on the prescribed side, then using the following order of precedence: (1) The Presidential service ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side. This badge is only authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge. This badge is not authorized for wear on combat or utility uniforms. (2) Vice Presidential service ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side. This badge is only authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge. This badge is not authorized for wear on combat or utility uniforms. (3) The Secretary of Defense ID badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. This badge is only authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge. This badge is not authorized for wear on combat or utility uniforms. (4) The Joint Chiefs of Staff ID badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. This badge is only authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge. This badge is not authorized for wear on combat or utility uniforms. (5) The combat service ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side. The combat service ID badge is a pin-on badge authorized to be worn on the Army service/dress uniform and the mess and evening mess uniforms in place of the SSI–MOHC. Personnel may wear only one combat service ID badge at a time. This badge is only authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge. This badge is not authorized for wear on combat or utility uniforms. (6) The Army staff ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side (see para 22–17e(20) for wear on the left side). This badge is only authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge. This badge is not authorized for wear on combat or utility uniforms. (7) The Guard, Tomb of the Unknown Soldier ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side (see para 22–17e(20) for wear on the left side). This badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge and as a subdued pin-on and sew-on badge. (8) The military horseman ID badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. This badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge and as a subdued pin-on and sew-on badge. Officers who were awarded the military horseman badge as a permanent award while in an enlisted status are authorized to wear the badge. (9) The drill sergeant ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side (see para 22–17e(20) for wear on the left side). This badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge and as a subdued pin-on and sew-on badge. Officers who were awarded the drill sergeant badge as a permanent award while in an enlisted status are authorized to wear the badge. (10) The U.S. Army recruiter ID badge (Regular Army and U.S. Army Reserve) is worn on the wearer’s left side. This badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge and as a subdued pin-on or sew-on badge. (a) This badge is authorized for wear by military personnel assigned or attached to the U.S. Army Recruiting Command as designated by the Commanding General, U.S. Army Recruiting Command (see AR 600–8–22 for eligibility criteria). (b) Soldiers currently on recruiting duty will wear the recruiter badge of their component. Personnel may wear only one recruiter badge at a time. (c) Soldiers currently on recruiting duty wear the recruiting badge in lieu of the DUI or RDI on the pullover sweater (see para 21–22c(3)). (d) Officers who were awarded the U.S. Army recruiter badge as a permanent award while in an enlisted status are authorized to wear the badge. (11) The master gunner ID badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. This badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge and as a subdued pin-on and sew-on badge. Officers who were awarded the military horseman badge as a permanent award while in an enlisted status are authorized to wear the badge. (a) This badge is authorized for award to U.S. and foreign military personnel that qualify. (b) This badge is retroactive to 1 October 1975. (12) The career counselor ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side (see para 22–17e(20) for wear on the left side). This badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge and as a subdued pin-on or sew-on badge. (a) Only enlisted personnel in CMF 79 are authorized wear of this badge (see AR 600–8–22 for eligibility criteria). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 332 (b) Officers who were awarded the career counselor ID badge as a permanent award while in an enlisted status are authorized to wear the badge. (c) Personnel wear the nonsubdued career counselor badge on the pullover sweater instead of the DUI or RDI. (13) The recruiting and retention ID badges (ARNG) are worn on the wearer’s left side. The badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge in a small and large version and as a subdued pin-on or sew-on badge. Soldiers currently on recruiting duty will wear the recruiter badge of their component. Soldiers currently on recruiting duty wear the recruiting badge in lieu of the DUI or RDI on the pullover sweater (see para 21–22c(3)). Personnel may wear only one recruiter badge at a time. (14) The instructor ID badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. This badge is authorized as a nonsubdued metal badge and as a subdued pin-on or sew-on badge. Personnel are authorized to wear only one instructor badge at a time. (15) The retired service ID badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. Personnel may wear the badge only on the ASU or AGSU after officially retiring from the U.S. Army. Either the old version or new version is authorized for wear. (16) The unified combatant commander ID badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. The design of the badge is unique to the respective command. The badge is authorized for wear by personnel assigned to the combatant commander’s staff and by personnel assigned to subordinate unified commands and DRUs to the unified command, at the direction of the unified combatant commander. The badge is worn on the ASU, AGSU, and on the mess and evening mess uniforms. (17) The National Defense University ID badge is worn on the wearer’s right side (see para 22–17e(20) for wear on the left side). Personnel assigned to the faculty or staff of National Defense University, the National War College, Industrial College of the Armed Forces, or the Armed Forces Staff College are authorized to wear the badge during their assignment. (18) The MP badge is worn on the wearer’s left side. The MP badge is authorized for wear on the Class A or B uniform, to include outer garments authorized for wear with the Class A or B uniform such as the all-weather coat or windbreaker. The MP badge is the symbol of law enforcement authority vested in MP and is worn by MP Soldiers during official military law enforcement or corrections duties while in garrison and participating as part of a shift or event detail. The badge will be removed immediately upon completion of the shift or event detail. When worn on outer garments, the badge will be worn in a similar location as worn on the Class A and B uniforms. The badge is attached by using a pin clasp or a leather fob. Brassards are worn when MP wear utility uniforms (see para 21–30 for brassard wear guidance). (19) DoD and joint agency ID badges are worn by personnel during their assignment to specific DoD and joint agencies. Badges may be worn on either pocket or side of the uniform, provided that they do not interfere with the positioning of other badges listed in this chapter. Manner of wear is determined by the agency. This does not apply to the wear of the Secretary of Defense ID badge or the Joint Chiefs of Staff ID badge. (20) Personnel may move the Army staff badge or any badge with lower precedence (normally worn on the wearer’s right side) to the wearer’s left side when wearing the combat service ID badge on the service uniform and Army blue mess and evening mess uniforms. This allows the combat service ID badge to stand alone on the right side or be worn with other right-side badges. Personnel authorized to wear more than four ID badges have the option of choosing the badges worn, provided that they comply with the wear guidance of paragraph 22–17. Personnel must wear the badges on the side authorized for wear and in the order of precedence. If badges are moved from the right side, they are worn in the order of precedence noted in paragraph 22–17e. Note. The placement of ID badges also applies to the Class B ASU.