. General guidelines a. Personnel wear the microfleece cap pulled down snugly on the head with the bottom edge covering the ears, but not covering the eyebrows. The bottom edge (all) of the cap may be folded, but not rolled. b. Commanders may authorize wear of commercial running shoes with calf-length or ankle-length, plain white or black socks (no logos). If worn, ankle-length socks must cover the entire anklebone and calf-length socks will end at the middle point between the ankle and the knee. Shoes must accommodate all five toes in one compartment. Those shoes that feature five separate, individual compartments for the toes detract from a professional military image and are prohibited for wear with the APFU or when conducting physical training in a military formation. c. Commanders may authorize wear of utility gloves, reflective belts or vests, long underwear, and other items appropriate to the weather conditions and type of activity. If Soldiers wear long underwear or other similar items, they must conceal them from view with the running jacket and pants, if wearing the APFU. d. Soldiers are authorized to wear commercially-purchased black spandex shorts under the APFU shorts. The length of the shorts must end above the bottom of the shorts or higher. The commercial shorts must be plain with no logos, patterns, or obtrusive markings. Soldiers are not required to buy the spandex shorts. e. Soldiers with religious accommodations, in accordance with AR 670–1 and AR 600–20, are authorized to wear commercially-purchased black leggings under the APFU shorts. The commercial leggings must be plain with no logos, patterns, or obtrusive markings. Soldiers are authorized all other religious accommodations in AR 670–1 while in the APFU. f. When Soldiers wear the APFU as a complete uniform, they will keep the sleeves down on the jacket, the legs down on the pants, and they will tuck the t-shirt inside the trunks. Soldiers may not roll or push up the sleeves of the APFU jacket or long-sleeved shirt. Soldiers may not cuff the APFU jacket sleeves or long-sleeved shirt. There are no restrictions on the combination of APFU items worn, unless the commander has prescribed a particular combination for formation. APFU clothing bag items and APFU optional purchase items may be mixed and worn together at the same time. g. The APFU is a clothing bag item. Each item of the APFU is identified with a national stock number and a Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support contract number printed on a label and sewn into the garment. If the label does not contain this information, the garment is not an authorized garment. Optional purchase APFU items may be worn in lieu of issued APFU items, provided the garment is produced by a Natick certified manufacturer and includes the following certification statement printed onto the garment: “This garment is warranted to meet or exceed the standards of this Purchase Description UQC XXX and was produced under Certificate No. from basic material and controlled components warranted by the manufacturer to have been produced in accordance with the sample under current certificate.” h. Pregnant Soldiers will wear the APFU until the uniform becomes too small or uncomfortable. Pregnant Soldiers are authorized to wear the t-shirt outside the trunks. At no time will commanders require pregnant Soldiers to purchase a larger APFU to accommodate the pregnancy. When the uniform becomes too small or uncomfortable, pregnant Soldiers may wear equivalent civilian workout clothes. i. Appendix C outlines minimum quantities of the APFU components that officers should have in their possession. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 28 Figure 10–1. Army physical fitness uniform variations DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 29 Figure 10–2. Army physical fitness uniform variations—continued Chapter 11 Army Service Uniform and Dress Variation—Male DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 30