. Coat, heritage green 564 a. Design. The coat will be made from polyester and wool elastique cloth in heritage green 564. b. General description. The coat is single-breasted with peak lapels, front darts, a two-piece bi-swing back with center vent, a waist seam starting at back seam of side panel all the way to the center front of coat, and a detachable waist belt with a removable buckle. The belt is worn so that the end passes through the buckle to the wearer’s left for male Soldiers and to the wearer’s right for female Soldiers. The coat should fit easily over the chest and shoulders with a slight draped effect in the front and back. The coat is fitted slightly at the waist, conforming to body shape without tightness and with no prominent flare. c. Coat sleeve ornamentation. (1) General officers and other officers. A band of cotton braid 1/2 inch wide is sewn on each sleeve with the lower edge parallel to and 3 inches above the bottom edge of each sleeve. (2) Enlisted personnel. The sleeve is plain. d. Shoulder ornamentation and insignia. (1) A shoulder loop of the same material as the coat is used and attached on each shoulder. (2) The loop is 2–1/2 inches wide at the outside shoulder edge and 1–1/2 inches wide at the inside collar edge. The loop is sewn on the outside shoulder seam and extends to a point approximately 1/2 inch from the inside collar seam. The loop has a buttonhole 3/8 inch from the inside edge of the loop, which is buttoned to the shoulder with a 25-ligne button. (3) For officers, nonsubdued rank will be pinned on (see para 21–8b for ornamentation and insignia). (4) For enlisted personnel, DUI is pinned on in accordance with paragraph 21–22. e. How worn. The coat should fit easily over the chest and shoulders. The coat collar should fit close around the neck without gapping or overlapping, with the shirt collar showing at least 1/4 to 1/2 inch above the coat collar at the center back of the coat. The sleeves should fall 1 inch below the bottom of the wristbone, covering the shirt sleeve. The bottom edge of the coat extends 1 inch below the crotch, falling approximately to the tip of the thumb when standing at the position of attention. Coat front and back should be smooth and even at the bottom edges with no protruding or spreading (see TM 10–227 for additional fit guidance).