. Neckties a. Necktie, bow, black, dress or mess. (1) Type. The bow tie is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The material is black silk or satin of a commercial design without stripes or figures. The bow has square ends not more than 2–1/2 inches wide. (3) How worn. The black bow tie is worn with the ASU dress variation and the white and blue mess uniform after retreat. b. Necktie, bow, white, evening mess. (1) Type. The white bow tie is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The material is plain white silk or satin or of the same material as the shirt without stripes or figures, in a conventional, civilian full dress style, not more than 2–1/2 inches wide. (3) How worn. The white bow tie is worn with the Army white and blue evening mess uniform. c. Necktie, four-in-hand, heritage green, service. (1) Type. The four-in-hand necktie is a clothing bag issue item. (2) Description. The material is 55-percent polyester and 45-percent wool in tropical weave or a similar type of woven fabric. A knitted fabric necktie also is authorized. The necktie will be two-fold, four-in-hand with pointed ends. As an option, a pre-tied, snap-on necktie is authorized for wear. (3) How worn. (a) Personnel may wear the tie in a Windsor, half-Windsor, or four-in-hand knot. A conservative tie tack or tie clasp is authorized. The necktie is tied so it is no shorter than 2 inches above the top of the belt buckle and so it does not extend past the bottom of the belt buckle. (b) The heritage green four-in-hand necktie is worn with the Class A AGSU and with the short- and long-sleeved service uniform shirts. The necktie is required for wear when the long-sleeved shirt is worn without the Class A coat and when the short- and long-sleeved shirts are worn with the Class A coat. It is optional when the short-sleeved shirt is worn with the Class B uniform and when either the short- or long-sleeved shirt is worn with the heritage green 564 pullover sweater. The necktie is worn with the AGSU before retreat or on duty. Personnel may wear the four-in-hand tie with the AGSU after retreat at formal events without headgear. d. Necktie, four-in-hand, black, service. (1) Type. The four-in-hand necktie is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The material is polyester, wool, tropical, or a similar type of woven fabric. A knitted fabric necktie also is authorized. The necktie will be two-fold, four-in-hand with pointed ends. As an option, a pre-tied, snap-on necktie is authorized for wear. (3) How worn. (a) Personnel may wear the tie in a Windsor, half-Windsor, or four-in-hand knot. A conservative tie tack or tie clasp is authorized. The necktie is tied so it is no shorter than 2 inches above the top of the belt buckle and so it does not extend past the bottom of the belt buckle. (b) The black four-in-hand necktie is worn with the Class A ASU and with the short- and long-sleeved ASU shirts. The necktie is required for wear when the long-sleeved shirt is worn without the Class A coat and when the short- and long-sleeved shirts are worn with the Class A coat. It is optional when the short-sleeved shirt is worn with the Class B ASU and when either the short- or long-sleeved shirt is worn with the black pullover or cardigan. The necktie is DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 140 worn with the ASU and dress variation before retreat or on duty. Personnel may wear the four-in-hand tie with the ASU dress variation after retreat when the dress code is military informal.