. Sweaters a. Cardigan, black, unisex. (1) Type. The black cardigan is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The black cardigan is 50-percent acrylic and 50-percent wool in a long-sleeved coat style with five buttons and shoulder loops (see fig 20–18). Figure 20–18. Black unisex cardigan (3) How worn. (a) The black cardigan is authorized for wear by all personnel with the Class B uniform and by senior culinary management NCOs with the senior culinary management NCO uniform. Personnel may wear the black cardigan indoors or outdoors. When worn indoors, personnel may wear the cardigan buttoned or unbuttoned. When outdoors, personnel, except for pregnant Soldiers, must button all five buttons. (b) When the black cardigan is worn with the short- or long-sleeved service uniform shirts, personnel have the option of wearing a necktie or neck tab. Personnel may wear the collar of the shirts inside or outside the cardigan. Personnel may cuff the sleeves of the black cardigan, but they may not roll or push up the sleeves. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 144 (c) Officers and enlisted personnel in the rank of corporal or higher will wear shoulder marks on the loops of the black cardigan. Personnel will not wear the nameplate, DUI, or RDI on the black cardigan. Personnel may wear the black cardigan without rank insignia when wearing civilian clothes. b. Pullover, black, unisex. (1) Type. The black pullover is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The black pullover is available in either 100-percent wool or 100-percent acrylic in a V-neck style with shoulder, elbow, and chest patches made in a polyester and cotton fabric (see fig 20–19). Figure 20–19. Pullover (3) How worn. (a) The black pullover is authorized for wear by all personnel with the Class B uniform and by senior culinary management NCOs with the senior culinary management NCO uniform. (b) When the black pullover is worn with the short- or long-sleeved service uniform shirts, personnel have the option of wearing a necktie or neck tab. Personnel will wear the collar of the shirts outside the black pullover if they do not wear a necktie or neck tab. Personnel may cuff the sleeves of the black pullover, but they may not roll or push up the sleeves. (c) Officers and enlisted personnel in the rank of corporal or higher will wear shoulder marks on the loops of the black pullover. The nameplate is worn centered 1/4 inch above the bottom of the chest patch and the DUI is worn centered above the nameplate from left to right and from top to bottom on the chest patch. Soldiers not authorized a DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 145 DUI will wear the RDI instead of a DUI. Chaplains will wear their branch insignia in lieu of the DUI or RDI. Recruiters will wear the recruiting badge in lieu of the DUI or RDI. Personnel may adjust the placement of the nameplate and insignia up or down on the patch to allow for large DUI or RDI or to adjust to body configuration. (d) Personnel may wear the black pullover under the black all-weather coat and black windbreaker. When worn under the windbreaker, the black pullover must not be visible below the windbreaker. Personnel may wear the black pullover without insignia when wearing civilian clothes. c. Pullover, heritage green 564, unisex. (1) Type. The heritage green 564 pullover is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The heritage green 564 pullover is available in either 100-percent wool or 100-percent acrylic in a V-neck style with shoulder and elbow patches made in a polyester and cotton fabric (see fig 20–19). (3) How worn. (a) The heritage green 564 pullover is authorized for wear by all personnel with the Class B AGSU. (b) When the heritage green 564 pullover is worn with the short- or long-sleeved AGSU shirts, personnel have the option of wearing a necktie. Personnel will wear the collar of the shirts outside the heritage green 564 pullover if they do not wear a necktie. Personnel may cuff the sleeves of the heritage green 564 pullover, but they may not roll or push up the sleeves. (c) Officers and enlisted personnel will wear shoulder marks for rank on the shoulder loops of the heritage green 564 pullover 5/8 inch from the outside shoulder seam and centered front to back. (d) Personnel may wear the heritage green 564 pullover under the heritage green all-weather coat and heritage green windbreaker. When worn under the windbreaker, the heritage green 564 pullover must not be visible below the windbreaker. The heritage green 564 pullover is not authorized under the Eisenhower jacket or leather service jacket. Personnel may wear the heritage green 564 pullover without insignia when wearing civilian clothes.