. Aiguillette, dress a. Description. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 242 (1) The front of the dress aiguillette is the same as the service aiguillette, except the front part is replaced by a piece that is 25 inches long with 15 inches of braiding, with 2 inches from the braiding to the button loop and knot. The knot is 1–3/4 inches long, the cord is 3–1/4 inches, and the ferrule is 3 inches. The braided end is equipped with a hook. (2) The back of the dress aiguillette consists of a braided gold cord or gold-colored nylon cord, 3/16 inch in diameter and 30–1/2 inches long, with an additional part 34 inches long that consists of 24 inches of braiding with 2 inches from the braiding to the button loop and knot. The knot is 1–3/4 inches long, the cord is 3–1/4 inches, and the ferrule is 3 inches and is fastened to a triangular piece of brass with a hook on the inside. This hook is attached to a small strip of brass that slips under the shoulder loop, shoulder strap, or shoulder knot. The brass strip for the shoulder strap is curved to conform to the contour of the shoulder and is 5/8 inch wide and 3–7/8 inches long with a rectangular opening at each end 3/8 inches long. The brass strip for shoulder knots is 5/8 inch wide and 3–3/8 inches long with an extra piece fastened to form a standing loop 1 inch long that permits the flexible backing of the shoulder knot to pass through. The brass strip for the shoulder loop of the Army white mess uniform coat is the same as that used for the shoulder knot without the standing loop. b. How worn. The military aide to the President, White House social aides while on duty with the First Family, and officers designated as aides to foreign heads of state wear the aiguillette on the right side of the uniform. All other authorized personnel wear aiguillettes on the left side. Aiguillettes are secured to the coat before the opening of the brass strip and the front part is hooked into the eye of the service aiguillette. The 34-inch part is passed under the arm, and the button loop of the 25-inch part is inserted through the button loop of the 34-inch part, past the button loop of the 25-inch part notch in the lapel, and attached to the button under the collar. The button under the collar is attached to the body of the coat so that the knot of the 25-inch part will easily clear the notch in the lapel. The loops of both cords cross on the outside of the arm with the front loop on top. Either gold cord or gold-colored nylon cord may be worn, depending upon the importance of the occasion and the individual’s preference (see fig 21–146). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 243 Figure 21–146. Wearing dress aiguillettes c. Authorized wearers. The dress aiguillette is worn only when personnel are performing duties as aides. Army attachés, assistant Army attachés, and aides wear the dress aiguillette with the Army blue and white mess uniforms when prescribed. Personnel may wear the dress aiguillette with the ASU or AGSU only at formal occasions (when the bow tie is worn). d. How to obtain. Aiguillettes are procured locally as expendable property by the organization to which the individual is assigned for supply purposes. A gold cord, gold-colored nylon cord, or synthetic metallic gold-colored cord is authorized for purchase.