. General guidelines a. The garrison culinary smock is worn outside of the black trousers. The smock has a reversible double-breasted front that will be fastened right over left unless the smock becomes soiled during the duty day at which time it may be fastened left over right to maintain a neat appearance. The commander may authorize exceptions to the prescribed wear of the smock for health and safety reasons. b. The black web waist belt with brass tip and brass belt buckle is worn with this uniform. The food handler’s apron and food handler’s caps are worn only while in the dining facility and within the immediate vicinity of the dining facility. No insignia is worn on the food handler’s cap. c. When the black all-weather coat or other authorized cold weather outer garments are worn, personnel may wear the dress scarf and dress gloves, but they are not required to do so. Personnel may wear the optional purchase black windbreaker with the culinary management NCO and dining facility manager uniform only (see para 20–17c), except in formation. Black oxford shoes, combat boots, or safety boots are worn with the garrison culinary uniforms, unless CTA 50–900 authorizes other footwear. Soldiers will not blouse the trousers when wearing boots. Soldiers will wear either black socks or sheer stockings with the black oxford shoes. d. The culinary management NCO and dining facility manager wear the service uniform shirt, black skirt, black oxford shoes, and the beret when authorized by the commander. Culinary management NCOs and dining facility managers may wear the black unisex cardigan buttoned or unbuttoned while indoors. When outdoors, personnel, except for pregnant Soldiers, must button all five buttons. The black web waist belt with brass tip and brass belt buckle is worn with this uniform. e. The garrison culinary and culinary management NCO and dining facility manager uniforms are organizationally issued utility uniforms, except for the service uniform shirt. However, Soldiers retain these uniforms for as long as they are assigned to culinary duties. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 23 Chapter 9 Combat Vehicle Crewman Uniform