. Shoulder sleeve insignia–military operations in hostile conditions a. General. Authorization to wear a SSI indicating service during military operations in hostile conditions (MOHC) (formerly known as the SSI-former wartime service) applies only to Soldiers who meet or have met the following criteria: AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 42 (1) The Soldier must actively participate in or support military operations in hostile conditions, which must include exposure to the threat of hostile action or fire, either directly or indirectly. (2) The Soldier’s participation or support described in paragraph 21–18a(1) must occur while the Soldier is located in an area that entitles the Soldier to receive the combat zone tax exclusion and entitles the Soldier to receive Hostile Fire Pay or Imminent Danger Pay (IDP). (3) A general or flag officer in the chain of command must request DCS, G–1 approval for wear of the SSI–MOHC. b. Authorization. The CSA authorizes wearing the SSI–MOHC. (1) Personnel who served in a designated area as a civilian or a member of another Service, but were not a member of the U.S. Army during one of the specified periods are not authorized to wear the SSI–MOHC. (2) Unless otherwise approved by this regulation, Soldiers attached or under operational control (OPCON) to other services are not authorized to wear their patches as their SSI–MOHC without written approval from DCS, G–1 or a designated representative. (3) Soldiers of all Army components (Regular, ARNG, and USAR) who deploy during periods of service designated for wear of the SSI–MOHC are authorized to wear a SSI–MOHC. There are no time-in-theater requirements for authorization to wear the SSI–MOHC. Soldiers may not earn more than one SSI–MOHC during the same deployment. (a) A deployed unit (company or higher) will wear its unit SSI as the SSI–MOHC, regardless of the headquarters element deploying and the unit alignment or OPCON during the period of deployment. (b) A deployed unit will not wear its assigned SSI as its SSI–MOHC when the SSI belongs to a major command, such as an ACOM, ASCC, and/or DRU or State area command, or a non-deployable unit. In such cases, the unit will wear the SSI of the lowest echelon Army unit (company or higher) in the deployed chain of command as the SSI– MOHC. When there is no intermediate unit (company or higher) in the deployed chain of command, these deployed Soldiers will wear the SSI of the senior command in the theater as its SSI–MOHC. (c) All Soldiers who deploy with AMC subordinate organizations in echelons of company or higher are authorized to wear the AMC SSI as their SSI–MOHC due to the unique deployment operations of AMC. (d) When echelons below company level (such as teams or squads) deploy, members of these units will wear the SSI of the lowest echelon deployed Army unit (company or higher) in the deployed chain of command (based on written orders) as the SSI–MOHC. When there is no intermediate unit (company or higher) in the deployed chain of command, these deployed Soldiers will wear the SSI of the senior command in the theater as its SSI–MOHC. (e) Individual Soldiers who are attached (to include OPCON, cross-leveled, assigned, or augmenting deployed units) will wear the same SSI–MOHC worn by members of the deployed Army unit (company or higher) to which attached by written orders. A Soldier who is further attached (to one or more units) during one deployment will only wear the SSI- MOHC for the first Army unit (company or higher) to which attached by written orders. Soldiers who deploy with their unit (company level or higher) will wear the SSI–MOHC as outlined in paragraph 21–18b(3)(a), regardless of how many times they are further attached to other units as individuals or teams. Members of trial defense will wear the SSI of their respective commands as their SSI–MOHC. c. Designated Campaigns. Authorization applies only to members of the Army who were assigned to the designated location overseas with U.S. Army organizations during the following periods: (1) World War II: between 7 December 1941 and 2 September 1946, both dates inclusive. Soldiers who served with the U.S. Marine Corps during World War II from 15 March 1943 through 2 September 1946 may wear the SSI– MOHC for the designated Marine Corps unit. (2) Korea: between 27 June 1950 and 27 July 1954, both dates inclusive. Also between 1 April 1968 and 31 August 1973, for those personnel who were awarded the Purple Heart, combat infantryman badge, combat medical badge, or who qualified for at least one month of hostile fire pay for service in a hostile fire area in Korea. (3) The Vietnam theater, including Thailand, Laos, and Cambodia: between 1 July 1958 and 28 March 1973, both dates inclusive. (4) The Dominican Republic: between 29 April 1965 and 21 September 1966, both dates inclusive. Individuals are authorized to wear one of three organizational SSI: XVIII Airborne Corps, 82d Airborne Division, or 5th Logistical Command. Individuals previously attached, assigned, or under the OPCON of these units will wear their respective insignia. A fourth organizational SSI (Office of Economic Adjustment–Spanish equivalent of Organization of American States) is authorized for individuals who were not in one of the three units listed above. (5) Grenada, to include the Green and Carriacou Islands: between 24 October 1983 and 21 November 1983, both dates inclusive. Personnel are authorized to wear one of the following organizational SSI: XVIII Airborne Corps; 82d Airborne Division; 1st Special Operations Command (Airborne); 1st Corps Support Command; 20th Engineer Brigade; 35th Signal Brigade; 16th Military Police Brigade; 44th Medical Brigade; 1st Battalion (Ranger), 75th Ranger Regiment; 2d Battalion (Ranger), 75th Ranger Regiment; and 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault). Individuals attached to, or under the OPCON of these units will wear their respective organizational SSI. Individuals attached to, AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 43 or under the OPCON of any unit whose parent organization is not authorized SSI, will wear the SSI of the unit to which attached or the unit that had OPCON. (6) Lebanon: between 6 August 1983 and 24 April 1984 for Soldiers assigned to the Field Artillery School Target Acquisition Battery or the 214th Field Artillery Brigade, who were attached to the U.S. Marine Corps forces in and around Beirut, Lebanon, for the purpose of counterfire support. (7) Korea: 23 November 1984, for Soldiers who participated directly in the firefight with North Korean guards at the Joint Security Area, Panmunjom, Korea. (8) Persian Gulf: between 27 July 1987 and 1 August 1990 for Soldiers assigned or attached to, or under the OPCON of, a unit whose mission was direct support to Operation Earnest Will. Soldiers must have been eligible for the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal and IDP. (9) Panama: between 20 December 1989 and 31 January 1990 for Soldiers assigned to the following units who participated in Operation Just Cause: XVIII Airborne Corps; U.S. Army Special Operations Command; U.S. Army South; 7th Infantry Division (Light); 82d Airborne Division; 5th Infantry Division (M); 1st Special Operations Command; 193d Infantry Brigade; 1st Corps Support Command; 16th Military Police Brigade; 18th Aviation Brigade; 35th Signal Brigade; 7th Special Forces Group; 75th Ranger Regiment; 1st, 2d, and 3d Battalions, 75th Ranger Regiment; 470th Military Intelligence Brigade; 525th Military Intelligence Brigade; 44th Medical Brigade; 1109th Signal Brigade; Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command; and Criminal Investigation Command. Soldiers assigned to units not listed above will wear the SSI of the unit to which attached or the unit that had OPCON. Soldiers assigned to units not listed above and not attached to, or under the OPCON of any of the units listed above, will wear the SSI of the U.S. Army South. (10) The Persian Gulf: between 17 January 1991 and 31 August 1993, both dates inclusive, for Soldiers participating in Operation Desert Storm. Soldiers must have been assigned or attached to, or under the OPCON of, a unit whose mission was direct support to Operation Desert Storm; they must have received IDP and had been under the command and control of the U.S. Army Element of U.S. Central Command (USCENTCOM). Additionally, Soldiers assigned to Joint Task Forces Patriot Defender, Elusive Concept, and Proven Force are authorized to wear SSI–MOHC even though they were not under the command and control of the U.S. Army Element of USCENTCOM. (11) El Salvador: between 1 January 1981 and 1 February 1992, both dates inclusive, for those personnel who participated in El Salvador operations. (12) Somalia: from 1 January 2004 to a date to be determined, for Soldiers deployed to Somalia as identified by USCENTCOM or Africa Command (AFRICOM) Command Center–Joint Staff for Personnel and Administration who received combat zone tax exclusion and hostile fire/IDP. Additionally, between 5 December 1992 and 31 March 1995, both dates inclusive, for Soldiers who participated in Operation Restore Hope/Continue Hope/United Shield. Additionally, Soldiers assigned to Joint Task Forces Patriot Defender, Elusive Concept, and Proven Force are authorized to wear SSI–MOHC even though they were not under the command and control of the U.S. Army Element of USCENTCOM. (13) Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF): between 11 September 2001 and 31 December 2014, both dates inclusive, for Soldiers deployed to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. Between 9 January 2002 and 31 December 2014, both dates inclusive, for those Soldiers deployed to the Philippines, in support of OEF, who received combat zone tax exclusion and hostile fire/IDP. Between 31 July 2002 and 31 December 2014, both dates inclusive, for Soldiers deployed to the USCENTCOM area of operations in support of OEF who received combat zone tax exclusion and hostile fire/IDP as identified by USCENTCOM Command Center–Joint Staff for Personnel and Administration. Between 1 January 2008 and 31 December 2014, both dates inclusive, for Soldiers deployed to Djibouti in support of OEF who received combat zone tax exclusion and hostile fire/IDP as identified by AFRICOM Command Center–Joint Staff for Personnel and Administration. Soldiers who were deployed in the area of operations on training exercises or in support of operations other than OEF are not authorized the SSI–MOHC, unless those exercises or operations became combat or support missions to OEF. (14) Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF): between 19 March 2003 and 31 August 2010, both dates inclusive, for Soldiers assigned to units participating in OIF. Soldiers must have been deployed in the USCENTCOM area of operations, or participated in OIF while deployed in Turkey, Israel, or on Aegis cruisers. Soldiers who served with the 1st Marine Division between 19 March 2003 and 21 April 2003 during combat operations in support of OIF are authorized to wear the 1st Marine Division SSI as their SSI–MOHC. Soldiers who were deployed in the area of operations on training exercises or in support of operations other than OIF are not authorized the SSI–MOHC, unless those exercises or operations became combat or support missions to OIF. (15) Operation New Dawn (OND): between 1 September 2010 and 31 December 2011, both dates inclusive, for Soldiers assigned to units participating in OND. Soldiers must have been deployed in the USCENTCOM area of operations or participated in OND while deployed in Turkey, Israel, or on Aegis cruisers. Soldiers who were deployed AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 44 in the area of operations on training exercises or in support of operations other than OND are not authorized the SSI– MOHC, unless those exercises or operations became combat or support missions to OND. (16) Operation Inherent Resolve: between 15 June 2014 and a date to be determined, for Soldiers deployed to Iraq, Jordan, or Syria in support of OIR, who received combat zone tax exclusion and hostile fire/IDP as identified by USCENTCOM Command Center–Joint Staff for Personnel and Administration. Soldiers who were deployed in the area of operations on training exercises or in support of operations other than OIR are not authorized the SSI–MOHC, unless those exercises or operations became combat or support missions to OIR. (17) Operation Freedom’s Sentinel (OFS): between 1 January 2015 and a date to be determined, for Soldiers deployed to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, and Djibouti in support of OFS who received combat zone tax exclusion and hostile fire/IDP as identified by USCENTCOM or AFRICOM Command Center–Joint Staff for Personnel and Administration. Soldiers who were deployed in the area of operations on training exercises or in support of operations other than OFS are not authorized the SSI–MOHC, unless those exercises or operations became combat or support missions to OFS. (18) Associated Units Pilot Program-units designated by the Secretary of the Army under the Associated Pilots Program will have the option upon returning from deployment to wear either the SSI of the parent unit or the SSI of the Associated Unit as its SSI for Former Wartime Service SSI–MOHC except in the below situations: (a) Soldiers assigned to Task Force 1st Battalion 28th Infantry will continue to wear the SSI of 3rd Infantry Division. (b) Soldiers assigned to the 81st Stryker Brigade Combat Team will wear the SSI of 2nd Infantry Division to maintain uniformity with other Stryker Brigade Combat Teams at Joint Base Lewis-McChord. (19) Soldiers who previously deployed with a Sustainment Brigade, other units attached or with a temporary assigned unit in an area of operation and earned the SSI–MOHC will wear either the Division SSI, the unit attached, the temporary assigned unit or the Sustainment Brigade the Soldier deployed with as the SSI–MOHC. (20) Future operations: Combatant commanders may request wear of the SSI–MOHC for future areas of operation designated and approved by the CSA. d. Combat service identification badge. Soldiers who are authorized the SSI–MOHC for periods listed above are also authorized the corresponding combat service identification badge. e. How worn. See DA Pam 670–1. Note. Units are not authorized to modify their SSI or SSI–MOHC without prior approval from the DCS, G–1. A mirror image SSI–MOHC is considered a modification. In addition, TIOH must approve the design of any modification and authorize its manufacturing in accordance with paragraph 2–3.