. Distinctive items authorized for infantry personnel a. Cord, shoulder. (1) Description. See DA Pam 670–1. (2) How worn. See DA Pam 670–1. (3) Approval authority. The CG, U.S. Army Infantry Center authorizes the wear of the shoulder cord for infantry personnel who have successfully completed the appropriate training. (4) Authorized wearers. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 48 (a) Officers and enlisted personnel of the infantry, who hold an infantry PMOS or specialty, and who have been awarded the combat infantryman badge, the expert infantryman badge, or who have successfully completed the basic unit phase of an Army training program or an equivalent. (b) Enlisted personnel who have completed one station unit training (OSUT), resulting in the award of an infantry PMOS. (c) Infantry officers who have graduated from the resident infantry officer basic or advanced course. (d) Infantry officers who have graduated from the Infantry Officer Candidate Course (during mobilization). (e) Infantry officers and enlisted personnel in the Reserve Components, who hold an infantry PMOS or specialty. (5) When worn. (a) During the period of assignment to an infantry regiment, brigade, separate infantry battalion, infantry company (including the headquarters and headquarters company of an infantry division), infantry platoon, or infantry TDA unit. In addition, infantry personnel assigned to infantry sections or squads within units other than infantry units may wear the cord when authorized by battalion or higher-level commanders. (b) During the period assigned for duty as an Army recruiter or advisor, ROTC instructor, or member of the staff and faculty of the United States Military Academy, as long as the individual retains an infantry PMOS or specialty. (c) During the period of assignment at brigade or lower-level basic training or advanced individual training units, or in OSUT infantry units, as long as individual retains an infantry PMOS or specialty. (d) Infantry OSUT and Infantry Officer Basic Course graduates may wear the cord en route to their initial followon infantry assignment. (e) Soldiers en route from an assignment where wear of the shoulder cord was authorized are permitted to wear the shoulder cord if they are pending reassignment to another organization authorized for wear of the cord, or when assigned to a separation point for discharge purposes. b. Insignia disk, service cap/hat. (1) Description. See DA Pam 670–1. (2) How worn. See DA Pam 670–1. (3) Approval authority. Approval authority is as provided in paragraph 21–31a(3). The insignia is issued at no cost to enlisted personnel. (4) Authorized wearers. Enlisted infantry personnel who otherwise meet the qualifications provided in paragraph 21–31a(4). (5) When worn. Authority to wear is as provided in paragraph 21–31a(5).