. U.S. Army Reserve a. All members of the USAR on any form of paid or unpaid inactive duty, active duty, annual training, or AGR duty will wear the uniform and insignia prescribed for personnel in the RA. USAR personnel are authorized to wear the Army uniform on the following occasions: b. Within the limits of the United States or its possessions, USAR personnel not on active duty may wear the Army uniform only as follows: (1) When participating in reserve training assemblies (inactive duty training), exercises, conferences, or ceremonies in an official capacity as members of the USAR under appropriate orders. (2) When engaged in military instruction or attending any school or course of instruction under the auspices of the Armed Forces of the United States or the Reserve Components as a student under appropriate orders. (3) When instructors at an educational institution conducting courses of instruction approved by the Armed Forces, or when responsible for military discipline at like institutions. (4) When attending social functions or informal gatherings of a military character. All current and former Soldiers will conform to the wear and appearance standards in this regulation while wearing the uniform under the provisions of this chapter. (5) When enrolled as undergraduates in educational institutions and participating as a cadet in an active ROTC unit, or as a member in established USAR unit. Individuals may wear the uniforms and insignia of their grade only upon such occasions expressly desired or authorized by the professor of military science or other proper official of the school. Members of the USAR attending institutions at which military training is considered as required curricular activity are authorized, and may be required to wear the uniform prescribed by the institution, including the insignia of any grade or rating held in the student unit. (6) USAR technicians who are also members of the USAR may wear the Army uniform, at their option, while performing in their civil service status. c. When outside the limits of the United States or its possessions, USAR personnel not on active duty and outside the limits of the United States or its possessions will not wear the Army uniform, unless granted authority by HQDA. However, on occasions of military ceremony or other military functions in a foreign country, USAR personnel may be granted authority to wear the Army uniform after they have their status accredited by the nearest Army attaché. In a foreign country that does not have an Army attaché, USAR personnel must obtain authority to wear the Army uniform for a specific occasion from the military authorities of the country concerned. d. For USAR personnel— AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 55 (1) Warrant officers and enlisted personnel serving on active duty, who also hold commissions in the USAR, may wear the uniform indicative of their grade in the USAR only as follows: (a) When undergoing authorized voluntary training designed for Reserve officers that they are authorized to take, and while traveling to and from that training. (b) When attending meetings or functions of associations formed for military purposes, of which membership is composed largely or entirely of officers of the U.S. Army or of former members of the Army. (2) Warrant officers and enlisted personnel serving on active duty who also hold commissions in the USAR may not wear the uniform indicative of their grade in the USAR— (a) When in an office of the DoD. (b) When they will be in association with troops of the RA or of the ARNG when called into Federal service, except when the individual is on active duty as a reserve officer, or as otherwise authorized in paragraph 23–2d(1).