. Religious jewelry, apparel, or articles Religious jewelry, apparel, or articles (hereafter referred to as religious items) may be worn while in uniform if they are “neat and conservative.” Except as noted in the following paragraphs, Soldiers may not wear religious items that do not meet the standards of this regulation, unless a religious accommodation is granted in accordance with AR 600– 20. a. In accordance with 10 USC 774, Soldiers may wear items of religious apparel while in uniform, except where the items would interfere with the performance of military duties or the items are not neat and conservative. Religious apparel are articles worn by a Soldier as a part of the religious observance of his or her faith. (1) For religious accommodation purposes only, neat and conservative items of religious apparel are those that— (a) Are discreet, tidy, and not dissonant or showy in style, size, design, brightness, or color. (b) Do not replace or interfere with the proper wear of any authorized article of the uniform. (c) Are not temporarily or permanently affixed or appended to any authorized article of the uniform. (2) Factors used to determine if an item of religious apparel interferes with military duties include, but are not limited to, whether or not the item— (a) Impairs the safe and effective operation of weapons, military equipment, or machinery. (b) Poses a health or safety hazard to the Soldier wearing the religious apparel and/or others. (c) Interferes with the wear or proper function of special or protective clothing or equipment. (d) Otherwise impairs the accomplishment of the military mission. b. Soldiers may wear religious items that are not visible or apparent when in duty uniform, provided they do not interfere with the performance of the Soldier’s military duties or interfere with the proper wearing of any authorized article of the uniform. Examples of such items include (but are not limited to) religious jewelry worn under the duty uniform or copies of religious symbols or writing carried by the individual in wallets or pockets. If religious items are worn on a necklace, the visible portion of the chain may be no wider than the identification tag chain. c. Religious jewelry that is visible or apparent when in duty uniform is authorized if it meets the standards for wear of jewelry in paragraph 3–4. Jewelry bearing religious symbols or worn for religious reasons will not be singled out; all wear and appearance standards will apply equally to religious and non-religious jewelry. d. Religious items that do not meet the standards of AR 670–1 may be worn by Soldiers in uniform while they are present at a worship service, rite, or other ritual distinct to a faith or denominational group. Commanders may, for operational or safety reasons, limit the wear of non-subdued items of religious apparel during services conducted in the field based on military necessity. e. Chaplains may wear religious attire as described in this regulation, DA Pam 670–1, CTA 50–900, and AR 165– 1 in the performance of religious services and other official duties as required. Commanders may not prohibit chaplains from wearing religious symbols that are part of the chaplain’s duty uniform. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 20 f. Religious headgear may be worn while in uniform if the headgear meets the following criteria: (1) The religious headgear is subdued in color (generally black, brown, green, dark, or Navy blue, or a combination of these colors). The headgear will not be patterned, except that a Soldier wearing the ACU may wear headgear in a camouflage pattern matching the uniform. (2) The religious headgear is of a style and size that can be completely covered by standard military headgear. (3) The religious headgear bears no writing, symbols, or pictures. (4) Wear of the religious headgear does not interfere with the wear or proper functioning of protective clothing or equipment. (5) Religious headgear that meets these criteria is authorized irrespective of the faith group from which it originates. (6) Religious headgear will not be worn in place of military headgear under circumstances when the wear of military headgear is required (for example, when the Soldier is outside or required to wear headgear indoors for a special purpose).