, or other authorization documents approved by HQDA is prohibited. Commanders will not prescribe seasonal wear dates for uniform items, but may prescribe uniform(s) based on safety reasons (for example, for extreme cold or hot weather based on temperature). e. Wearing a combination of civilian and military clothing is prohibited, unless prescribed in this regulation or directed by the Secretary of the Army. f. Bags, handbags, purses, and backpacks are authorized, but must adhere to the following criteria: (1) Hand carried bags will be conservative and professional in appearance. Bags (to include civilian gym bags, civilian backpacks, or other similar civilian bags) must be carried only in the hand if they do not meet the criteria outlined in paragraph 3–7f(2). DA Pam 670–1 provides additional descriptions and wear occasions for handbags. (2) If Soldiers choose to wear a shoulder bag while in uniform, the bag must be black or match the colors of the camouflage pattern uniform being worn, and may not have any commercial logos. The contents of the bag may not be visible; therefore, see-through plastic or mesh bags are not authorized. Soldiers may carry authorized bags by hand, on one shoulder using a shoulder strap, or over both shoulders using both shoulder straps. Soldiers may not wear a shoulder bag in such a manner that the strap is draped diagonally across the body, with the bag resting on the hip opposite the shoulder holding the strap. (3) Commanders may prescribe the wear of organizational issue rucksacks in garrison and field environments. g. Soldiers may continue to wear issued uniform items changed in design or material as long as the item remains in serviceable condition, unless specifically prohibited by this regulation or DA Pam 670–1. h. Civilian clothing is considered appropriate attire for individuals who are participating in civilian outdoor activities, such as volksmarches, orienteering, or similar activities. Soldiers who are spectators at these activities may wear the service uniform. Soldiers who are participating in, or observing these events, are not authorized to wear utility or field uniforms. However, commanders of participating units or of those units that provide support personnel (such as medical and traffic control personnel) may prescribe appropriate uniforms, to include utility or organizational uniforms, if warranted by the occasion, weather conditions, or activity. i. Soldiers may wear experimental uniform items while actively engaged in an experimental uniform test program approved by Headquarters, U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC); Headquarters, AMC; or the Army Uniform Board, HQDA. Soldiers will not wear experimental items after completion of the test, unless such wear has been approved by HQDA. j. k. Wearing Army uniforms is prohibited in the following situations: (1) In connection with the furtherance of any political or commercial interests, or when engaged in off duty civilian employment. (2) When participating in public speeches, interviews, picket lines, marches, rallies, or public demonstrations, except as authorized by the first O–5 in the chain of command. (3) When attending any meeting or event that is a function of, or is sponsored by, an extremist organization. (4) When wearing the uniform would bring discredit upon the Army, as determined by the commander. (5) When specifically prohibited by Army regulations. l. Soldiers will wear headgear with the Army uniform, except under the following circumstances: (1) Headgear is not required if it would interfere with the safe operation of military vehicles. Wearing military headgear is not required while in or on a privately owned vehicle (to include a motorcycle, bicycle, or convertible automobile), a commercial vehicle, or on public conveyance (such as a subway, train, plane, or bus). (2) Soldiers will not wear headgear indoors, unless under arms in an official capacity, or when directed by the commander, such as for indoor ceremonial activities. (3) Male and female Soldiers are not required to wear headgear to evening social events (after retreat) when wearing the Army service and dress uniforms or the mess and evening mess uniforms. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 17 (4) Soldiers will carry their headgear, when it is not worn, in their hands while wearing service, dress, mess, and evening mess uniforms. Soldiers are authorized storage of the headgear, when it is not worn, in the Class C uniform cargo pockets, if applicable. Soldiers must fold the headgear neatly so as not to present a bulky appearance. They may also elect to store it at the small of the back, with the bill tucked in the belt, provided there is no bulky appearance and the headgear remains hidden from view. Soldiers will not attach headgear to the uniform or hang it from the belt.
for uniforms currently classified as female blue mess/evening mess uniforms and for authorized variations of the uniform.
for descriptions and placement. (1) The Good Conduct Medal. (2) The Antarctic Service Medal. (3) All other clasps are worn only on the suspension ribbon of the award and denote battle campaigns and service campaigns; they are not worn on the service ribbon. e. Service stars. (1) Service stars are worn to denote an additional award or service in a named campaign. A silver service star is worn in lieu of five bronze service stars; it is worn to the wearer’s right of a bronze service star and to the left of an arrowhead. Additional service stars are worn side by side, each with one point upward. (2) The bronze service star is affixed to the Parachutist Badge and the Military Free Fall Parachutist Badge to denote participation in a combat parachute jump. f. Arrowhead. The bronze arrowhead denotes participation in a combat parachute jump, combat glider landing, or an amphibious assault landing while assigned or attached as a member of an organized force carrying out an assigned tactical mission. It is authorized for wear on— (1) The Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal. (2) European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal. (3) World War II Campaign medals. (4) The Korean Service Medal. (5) The Vietnam Service Medal. (6) The Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal. g. Berlin Airlift device. The Berlin Airlift device is authorized for wear on the Army of Occupation Medal. h. Ten-year device. The ten-year device is worn on the Armed Forces Reserve Medal to denote each succeeding 10–year period in addition to, and under the same conditions as prescribed for the award of the Armed Forces Reserve Medal. A bronze device denotes the completion of the first 10–year period (10 years); a silver device denotes completion of the second period (20 years); a gold device denotes completion of the third period (30 years), and a gold device followed by a bronze device denotes completion of the fourth period (40 years). i. The “M” device. The “M” device is worn on the Armed Forces Reserve Medal to denote service during a mobilization or contingency designated by the Secretary of Defense. If personnel served during more than one mobilization or contingency, a numeral is worn to the wearer’s left of the “M” device, to indicate the number of times mobilized. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 52