. General guidelines a. When a specific service uniform is not prescribed for formations or other occasions when uniformity in appearance is not required, Soldiers may wear the Class A ASU–M or any of the variations of the Class B ASU–M with the accessories authorized for these uniforms. b. Soldiers will not wear those awards and decorations that they cannot wear properly because of size or configuration. Commanders will not require the wear of optional items, such as windbreakers or sweaters, unless such items are provided to the Soldier without cost. c. This uniform is worn with the maternity shirt outside the skirt and slacks with or without the maternity tunic. Pregnant Soldiers may wear the black all-weather coat unbuttoned, if necessary. d. Only Soldiers authorized to wear the tan, green, or maroon beret; MP personnel performing MP duties; and those assigned to air assault coded positions may wear bloused (tucked-in or by using blousing rubbers or bands) slacks with black leather combat boots. e. The skirt is worn no shorter than 1 inch above or longer than 2 inches below the crease in the back of the knee. f. The black scarf and the black leather dress gloves are authorized for wear with the black all-weather coat. Personnel may wear white gloves with the basic uniform. g. Female Soldiers may carry the black leather handbag during duty or after duty hours. However, they may carry the black fabric handbag only after duty hours. Black pumps and sheer stockings are the authorized footwear for this uniform. After duty hours, personnel may wear the black fabric pumps with this uniform. h. Enlisted personnel assigned to units authorized by CTA 50–900 to wear the Army dress uniform as an organizational uniform (such as table of organization and equipment bands, selected honor guards, and other ceremonial units) may wear DUI, MP accessories, and other items authorized by CTA 50–900, when prescribed by the commander. i. The ASU–M tropical dress variation (Class B with ribbons) is an equivalent Class A or dress variation for hot weather wear. It serves as appropriate wear for parades, ceremonies, reviews (when special honors are being paid), and official visits of foreign dignitaries. The uniform is intended for seasonal hot weather wear only and is not appropriate for wear outside of hot climates. Local commanders will determine the conditions for wear of this uniform. The ASU–M tropical dress variation consists of the white, short-sleeved, service uniform shirt (standard issue or lay-flat collar) with accouterments as worn on the jacket, without neck tab, and with either ASU–M straight-legged slacks with an elastic waistband and nylon-knit, stretch-front panel or ASU skirt (optional). In lieu of wearing all authorized ribbons, Soldiers have the option of wearing only three authorized ribbons. Selected ribbons must be worn in order of precedence (for example, Silver Star, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart). Badges and insignia currently authorized for wear on the ASU are authorized to be worn on this variation of the uniform. j. In lieu of wearing all authorized ribbons, Soldiers have the option of wearing three authorized ribbons on the service uniform shirt. Selected ribbons must be worn in order of precedence (for example, Silver Star, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart).