. Gloves a. Gloves, utility. (1) Type. The gloves are clothing bag issue items. (2) Description. (a) Light duty utility. The gloves are four-finger-and-thumb type design in a slip-on style. This glove may be worn alone or as a shell with inserts. This glove may also be worn in combination with thermal inserts or chemical protection handwear. (b) Black, unisex, leather shell, with inserts. The gloves are four-finger-and-thumb type design in a slip-on style. An adjustable strap and buckle is provided on the back of the gloves. The inserts are worn inside the black leather shell gloves. There is no wear-out date for the black leather gloves or the green wool inserts, which may be worn until stocks are exhausted or until unserviceable. (3) How worn. These gloves are authorized for wear with or without cold weather outer garments, to include the ACU parka. Soldiers may wear the gloves with utility uniforms without cold weather outer garments. Personnel may not wear the inserts without the leather or utility shell gloves when worn with utility uniforms and cold weather outer garments. (4) Optional gloves. As an option, Soldiers may wear commercial gloves, unless restricted by the commander, as an optional purchase item. Gloves must be four-finger-and-thumb type design in a slip-on style, all black, plain with no logos or designs, made of black leather, fabric, or other material of appropriate commercial design. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 130 (5) Flame-resistant gloves. Soldiers are authorized to wear flame-resistant gloves issued by the Army, including colors or logos that do not comply with paragraph 20–15a(2) or 20–15a(4), in garrison or field environments unless otherwise directed by their chain of command. A list of currently approved flame-resistant gloves is available through the Army Combat Readiness Center. b. Gloves, brown, leather, unisex, dress. (1) Type. The gloves are clothing bag issue items. (2) Description. The gloves are brown leather in an approved specification or pattern or of a similar commercial design. (3) How worn. The gloves are authorized for wear with the AGSU and when wearing the all-weather coat, windbreaker, Eisenhower jacket, or leather service jacket. c. Gloves, black, leather, unisex, dress. (1) Type. The gloves are an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The gloves are black leather in an approved specification or pattern or of a similar commercial design. (3) How worn. The gloves are authorized for wear with the Class A ASU and dress variation and when wearing the black all-weather coat, windbreaker, or capes. d. Gloves, white, dress. (1) Type. The gloves are optional purchase items. (2) Description. The gloves are made of cotton, kid, doeskin, silk, or other material of appropriate commercial design. (3) How worn. The gloves are authorized for year-round wear with the Army dress uniform and the white or blue mess and evening mess uniforms. When prescribed by the commander, MP may wear white gloves with service uniforms.