. Hat, drill sergeant a. Female. (1) Type. The hat is an organizational issue item. (2) Description. The hat is made from an approved specification or pattern. (3) How worn. (a) The hat is worn with the utility and service uniforms by female drill sergeants assigned to valid drill sergeant positions. NCO faculty members of a drill sergeant school who have graduated from drill sergeant school and are actively engaged in drill sergeant instruction will wear this hat. Upon release from this assignment, NCOs are no longer authorized to wear the drill sergeant hat. (b) The hat is worn straight on the head with no hair visible on the forehead below the front brim of the hat. Personnel will wear the hat so as to retain its original design and will not crush, flatten, dent, or otherwise reshape the hat. Personnel will wear the hat with the left side of the brim snapped and the right side parallel to the ground. The chinstrap is worn with the chinstrap keeper pushed up under the chin. The headgear insignia worn on the drill sergeant hat is described in paragraph 21–3c (see fig 20–10). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 131 Figure 20–10. Hat, drill sergeant, female b. Male. (1) Type. The hat is an organizational issue item. (2) Description. The hat is made from an approved specification or pattern. (3) How worn. (a) The hat is worn with the service and utility uniforms by male drill sergeants assigned to valid drill sergeant positions. NCO faculty members of a drill sergeant school who have graduated from drill sergeant school and are actively engaged in drill sergeant instruction will wear this hat. Upon release from this assignment, NCOs are no longer authorized to wear the drill sergeant hat. (b) The black leather strap issued with the hat is worn threaded through the appropriate eyelets in the brim of the hat so that the strap goes around the front of the hat, and the buckle is fastened and centered at the back of the wearer’s head. The running end of the strap will be to the wearer’s left. Personnel will wear the hat without noticeable tilt to the front, rear, or either side so the brim of the hat is as nearly level in all directions as possible. No modifications in the shape of the hat are authorized. The headgear insignia worn on the drill sergeant hat is described in paragraph 21– 3b (see fig 20–11). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 132 Figure 20–11. Hat, drill sergeant, male
and 20–17 for examples). Figure 20–16. Military police accessories, male DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 138 Figure 20–17. Military police accessories, female