. Shoes a. Shoes, oxford, walnut brown 567, male. (1) Type. The shoes are a clothing bag issue item (see app D for possession date). (2) Description. The shoes are made from an approved specification or pattern or from a similar commercial design and are made of leather. The shoe is dress tie-oxford style with at least three eyelets and a closed toe and heel, with the heel no higher than 2 inches. The shoe is plain with no design in the shoe material. b. Shoes, oxford, black, male. (1) Type. The shoes are optional purchase items. (2) Description. (a) The shoes are made from an approved specification or pattern or from a similar commercial design and are made of leather, poromeric, or patent leather. The shoe is dress tie-oxford style with at least three eyelets and a closed toe and heel. The shoe is plain with no design in the shoe material. (b) As an option, commanders may authorize male Soldiers to wear an ankle-high boot, similar to a jodhpurs (riding) or riding boot. If worn, the boot must be the same color as the authorized service shoe, plain, without straps or buckles, with a noncontrasting heel and sole, and a heel no higher than 2 inches. An inconspicuously placed zipper is authorized. (3) How worn. The oxford shoes are authorized for wear with ASU, ASU dress variation, mess, evening mess, and garrison culinary uniforms. c. Optional footwear, inclement weather, male. (1) The footwear is an optional purchase item. (2) The footwear is a commercially designed, over-the-foot boot in black leather, rubber, or other synthetic material. The boot must be plain and untrimmed with heels no higher than 2 inches. The boots may have an inconspicuously placed zipper or snap-type closure and may not exceed 12 inches in height. (3) Male Soldiers may wear these commercial boots with service uniforms while going to or from duty in inclement weather. They also may wear these boots with the dress and mess uniforms in inclement weather while in transit. Personnel will exchange the boots for standard footgear when indoors. d. Shoes, oxford, walnut brown 567, female. (1) Type. The shoes are a clothing bag issue item (see app D for possession date). (2) Description. The shoes are made from an approved specification or pattern or from a similar commercial design and are made of leather. The shoe is dress tie-oxford style with at least three eyelets and a closed toe and heel, with the heel no higher than 2 inches. The shoe is plain with no design in the shoe material. e. Shoes, oxford, black, female. (1) Type. The shoes are optional purchase items. (2) Description. (a) The shoes are made from an approved specification or pattern or from a similar commercial design and are made of leather, poromeric, or patent leather. The shoe is dress tie-oxford style with at least three eyelets and a closed toe and heel, with the heel no higher than 2 inches. The shoe is plain with no design in the shoe material. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 142 (b) As an option, commanders may authorize female Soldiers to wear an ankle-high boot, similar to a jodhpurs (riding) boot, when wearing slacks. If worn, the boot must be the same color as the authorized service shoe, plain, without straps or buckles, with a noncontrasting heel and sole, and a heel no higher than 2 inches. An inconspicuously placed zipper is authorized. (3) How worn. The oxford shoe is worn with the service and garrison culinary uniforms. f. Optional footwear, inclement weather, female. (1) Type. The footwear is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The footwear is a commercially designed, over-the-foot boot in black leather, rubber, or other synthetic material. The boot must be plain and untrimmed with heels no higher than 2 inches. The boots may have an inconspicuously placed zipper or snap-type closure and may not exceed 12 inches in height. (3) How worn. Female Soldiers may wear these commercial boots with service uniforms while going to or from duty in inclement weather. They also may wear these boots with the dress and mess uniforms in inclement weather while in transit. Personnel will exchange the boots for standard footgear when indoors. g. Shoes, pumps, walnut brown 567, black, or white, female. (1) Type. Walnut brown 567, black, and white service pumps are optional purchase items. (2) Description. The pumps are of a commercial design in fine grain leather, poromeric, or patent leather. Suede pumps are not authorized. The pumps are untrimmed with a closed toe and heel. The heel must be at least 1/2 inch, but no more than 3 inches. The sole thickness will not exceed 1/2 inch. (3) How worn. (a) Walnut brown 567 pumps are authorized for wear with the AGSU and AGSU dress variation. (b) Black service pumps are authorized for wear by all female personnel with the dress and mess uniforms. (c) White service pumps are authorized for wear by all female personnel with the all-white mess uniforms. h. Shoes, dress, pumps, black or white, fabric. (1) Type. The shoes are optional purchase items. (2) Description. The pumps are of a commercial design in black or white fabric. The pumps are untrimmed with a closed toe and heel. The heel must be at least 1/2 inch, but no more than 3 inches. The sole thickness will not exceed 1/2 inch. When a handbag is carried, the shoes and handbag must be made of the same material. (3) How worn. (a) Black dress fabric pumps are authorized for wear with the blue and white mess uniforms, with all evening mess uniforms, and with the ASU dress variation after duty hours. (b) White dress fabric pumps are authorized for wear with the all-white mess uniform.