. Coat, all-weather a. Heritage green. (1) Type. The heritage green all-weather coat is a clothing bag issue item. (2) Description. The heritage green all-weather coat is made of 65-percent polyester and 35-percent cotton. The coat is a six-button, double-breasted model with a belt, convertible collar that buttons at the neck, gun flap, shoulder loops, adjustable sleeve straps, welt pockets with two inside hanging pockets, and zip-out liner(see fig 20–8). The back of the coat has a yoke and center vent. The coat is one-quarter lined with basic material. The sleeve lining is made of nylon taffeta. There is no wear-out date for the interim version of the double-breasted coat made from 50percent polyester and 50-percent cotton. b. Black. The black all-weather coat is an optional purchase item and is authorized for wear with the ASU and culinary and mess uniforms. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 127 Figure 20–8. Coat, all-weather with officer insignia c. How worn. Personnel may wear the all-weather coat with or without the liner. They will wear the coat buttoned, except for the neck closure, which personnel may wear open or closed (unless otherwise outlined by this pamphlet). Male and female coats are buttoned and belted from opposite directions. The scarf is authorized for wear with the allweather coat. Personnel may wear the coat with the AGSU, AGSU dress variation, ASU, ASU dress variation, mess, and garrison culinary uniforms. The all-weather coat is authorized for wear with utility uniforms only in a garrison environment when personnel have not been issued organizational rain gear. When the grade insignia is removed from the coat, personnel may wear the coat with civilian clothing. (1) Black all-weather coat. Officers wear nonsubdued pin-on grade insignia on the shoulder loops of this coat. NCOs wear shoulder marks on the shoulder loops. Enlisted personnel wear nonsubdued grade insignia on the collars. (2) Heritage green all-weather coat. All ranks wear nonsubdued pin-on grade insignia on the shoulder loops of this coat. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 128