. Regimental distinctive insignia a. Authorization. Soldiers wear RDI when affiliated with a regiment or whole-branch regiment (based on a Soldier’s branch, corps, or special branch as determined by PMOS or specialty). b. How worn. (1) Male Soldiers. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 237 (a) On the ASU coat and shirt (not authorized on the AGSU shirt), male Soldiers wear the RDI centered 1/8 inch above the top of the pocket flap or 1/4 inch above any unit awards or foreign badges that are worn (see fig 21–141). When the coat lapel obscures the RDI, Soldiers may wear the RDI aligned to the right edge of the unit awards or the nameplate. Wearing the RDI on the ASU shirt is optional. Figure 21–141. Wearing regimental distinctive insignia on Army green service uniforms and Army service uniforms (b) On the blue and white mess uniforms, male Soldiers wear the RDI centered on the right lapel. On the blue mess uniform, the RDI is worn centered on the satin facing 1/2 inch below the notch in the lapel. On the white mess uniform, the RDI is worn centered on the lapel 1/2 inch below the notch. The RDI is worn so that the vertical axis of the insignia is perpendicular to the ground (see fig 21–142). Figure 21–142. Wearing regimental distinctive insignia on Army blue and white mess uniforms, male (2) Female Soldiers. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 238 (a) On the ASU and AGSU, the ASU shirts (not authorized on the AGSU shirt), and maternity tunic, female Soldiers wear the RDI centered 1/2 inch above the nameplate or 1/4 inch above any unit awards or foreign badges that are worn. When the coat lapel obscures the RDI, Soldiers may wear the RDI aligned to the right edge of the unit awards or the nameplate. Wearing the RDI on the ASU shirt is optional. (b) On the blue mess uniform and the new version of the white mess uniform, female Soldiers wear the RDI centered on the right lapel with the top of the RDI aligned with the top row of miniature medals. On the white mess uniform, female Soldiers wear the RDI on the right side of the jacket (not on the lapels), centered between the lapel and shoulder seam with the top of the RDI aligned with the top row of miniature medals. The RDI is worn so that the vertical axis of the insignia is perpendicular to the ground. (3) Army green service uniform. On the AGSU coat, Soldiers wear the RDI centered 1/8 inch above the top of the pocket flap or 1/4 inch above any unit awards or foreign badges that are worn (see fig 21–141). When the coat lapel obscures the RDI, Soldiers may wear the RDI aligned to the right edge of the unit awards. Wearing the RDI on the AGSU shirt is not authorized. (4) Regimental distinctive insignia and distinctive unit insignia. The RDI and DUI will be the same for Soldiers who are assigned to and affiliated with the same unit. Soldiers who are assigned to a unit or agency not authorized a DUI will wear the RDI on the beret and the pullover sweater in lieu of a DUI.