. Army National Guard and U.S. Army Reserve See AR 670–1.
). Figure 23–2. Insignia for civilians (4) Personnel will wear the insignia as follows: (a) On the ACU and ECWCS jackets, the insignia is worn in the same manner as rank for U.S. Army personnel. (b) On other uniforms, the insignia is worn centered directly above the left pocket or on the left sleeve on the utility uniform and in a similar location on outer garments. (c) Personnel will center the insignia on the front of the patrol cap or headgear. b. Nametape or nameplate. Personnel will wear a standard-size nametape or nameplate in the same manner as for U.S. Army personnel (see paras 21–25b and 21–25c). c. Expeditionary Civilian Workforce. To distinguish our volunteer expeditionary workforce civilians, the civilian SSI has been modified with the words “Expeditionary Workforce” embedded with the symbol (see fig 23–3). The SSI will be worn on the wearer’s right sleeve of the ACU. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 337 Figure 23–3. Expeditionary Civilian Workforce shoulder sleeve insignia DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 338 Appendix A References Section I Required Publications AR 145–1 Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program: Organization, Administration, and Training (Cited in para 23– 3b(1).) AR 145–2 Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program: Organization, Administration, Operation, and Support (Cited in para 23–3b(1).) AR 350–1 Army Training and Leader Development (Cited in para 22–15b.) AR 600–8–22 Military Awards (Cited in para 1–6c.) AR 670–1 Wear and Appearance of Army Uniforms and Insignia (Cited in para 1–4.) AR 700–84 Issue and Sale of Personal Clothing (Cited in para 4–7q.) CTA 8–100 Army Medical Department Expendable/Durable Items (Cited in para 4–3k.) CTA 50–900 Clothing and Individual Equipment (Cited in para 4–3k.) TM 10–227 Fitting of Army Uniforms and Footwear (Cited in para 4–7q.) Section II Related Publications A related publication is a source of additional information. The user does not have to read a related publication to understand this publication. NGR material is available at https://www.ngbpdc.ngb.army.mil/. USC material is available at https://uscode.house.gov/. AR 25–30 Army Publishing Program AR 95–1 Flight Regulations AR 140–10 Assignments, Attachments, Details, and Transfers AR 165–1 Army Chaplain Corps Activities AR 190–30 Military Police Investigations AR 385–10 The Army Safety and Occupational Health Program AR 600–8–10 Leaves and Passes DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 339 AR 600–8–14 Identification Cards for Members of the Uniformed Services, Their Eligible Family Members, and Other Eligible Personnel AR 600–8–24 Officer Transfers and Discharges AR 600–20 Army Command Policy AR 635–200 Active Duty Enlisted Administrative Separations AR 672–8 Manufacture, Sale, Wear, and Quality Control of Heraldic Items AR 672–20 Incentive Awards AR 702–7–1 Reporting of Product Quality Deficiencies within the U.S. Army AR 710–4 Property Accountability CTA 50–909 Field and Garrison Furnishings and Equipment DoD Foreign Clearance Guide (Available at https://www.fcg.pentagon.mil/.) NGR 600–82 U.S. Army Regimental System - Army National Guard NGR 600–102 Officers Assigned to Selective Service System Sections at Joint Force Headquarters State NGR 601–1 Army National Guard Strength Maintenance Program TB Med 287 Pseudofolliculitis of the Beard and Acne Keloidalis Nuchae TM 10–8400–201–23&P Field Maintenance Manual Including Repair Parts and Special Tools List for General Repair Procedures for Clothing 10 USC Armed Forces 10 USC Chapter 45 The Uniform 10 USC Chapter 47 Uniform Code of Military Justice 10 USC Chapter 1223 Retired Pay for Non-Regular Service 10 USC 772 When wearing by persons not on active duty authorized 10 USC 773 When distinctive insignia required 18 USC 701 Official badges, identification cards, other insignia DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 340 18 USC 704 Military medals or decorations 32 USC National Guard Section III Prescribed Forms This section contains no entries. Section IV Referenced Forms Unless otherwise indicated, DA forms are available on the Army Publishing Directorate website (https://armypubs.army.mil/). DA Form 2028 Recommended Changes to Publications and Blank Forms DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 341 Appendix B Prescribed Dress and Service Equivalent Uniforms B–1. Prescribed dress Table B–1 summarizes the attire that makes up various kinds of prescribed dress. Table B–1 Prescribed dress—Continued Prescribed Attire Duty uniform Duty uniform as locally prescribed. Informal uniform ASU with four-in-hand necktie or neck tab.1 AGSU with four-inhand necktie. Enlisted personnel may wear the Class A ASU or AGSU. Civilian equivalent Civilian business suit. Black-tie uniform ASU with black bow tie, AGSU with four-in-hand necktie, or blue or white mess uniforms. Enlisted female Soldiers may wear the ASU or AGSU with a skirt. Civilian equivalent Civilian dinner jacket (tuxedo). White-tie uniform Army blue evening mess uniform. Civilian equivalent Evening full dress (tail coat). Note. 1 Unless otherwise indicated by the host, the uniform equivalent of specified civilian attire may be worn. Invitations may prescribe dress as indicated above (for example, “Army blue or Army blue mess”). The Army white mess uniforms are normally worn from April to October, except in clothing zones I and II where personnel may wear these uniforms year-round (see CTA 50–900). B–2. Service equivalent uniforms Table B–2 is intended to serve as a guideline for appropriate attire. Some uniforms are optional, seasonal, or required for specific pay grades only. Uniforms may deviate from table B–2 depending on the event or when directed by host or command. Table B–2 Guideline for appropriate attire—Continued Class Event when worn Uniform Civilian men Civilian women A+ Official formal and Blue or white mess Formal tuxedo (bow tie Formal cocktail or evening functions, evening dress, ASU or is standard), semifor- evening gown, formal state occasions, pri- AGSU dress variation mal tuxedo, or dark or semiformal long or vate and formal din- dinner jacket2 short evening dress, or ners, or occasions re- evening trousers with quiring more formality a formal top2 than Service uniforms1 A Parades, ceremonies, Class A ASU, ASU Informal or business Informal or business reviews (when special tropical dress varia- casual business suit or casual evening or honors are being tion, or Class A AGSU. sport coat and tie2 cocktail attire; Sunday paid), and official visits For seasonal use dress; or business suit of foreign dignitaries1 when authorized and or pant suit2 temperatures warrant, as determined by commander: long-sleeved shirt and tie or shortsleeved shirt, no tie (both with top six ribbons, badges, and DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 342 Table B–2 Guideline for appropriate attire—Continued tabs; or all ribbons, badges, and tabs) B Business or informal Service uniform Class Informal or business Informal or business social occasions, uni- B short-sleeved shirt, casual business suit or casual simple skirt or form of the day, office open collar with name sport coat without tie; dress; slacks with work tag and rank; or long- or trousers with open jacket; pantsuit; low or sleeved shirt with tie, collar shirt2 flat shoes2 name tag, and rank C Daily work environ- Utility uniforms (ACU Civilian casual slacks Civilian casual slacks ment or physical training) or with open collar shirt or capri pants with Class C garrison or golf shirt; no sport blouse and sandals or coat2 flats2 D Field or plant environ- Maintenance or field Jeans (no holes); Jeans (no holes); ment where soiling of duty shorts (medium shorts (medium clothing is expected length); and tennis length); and tennis shoes, work boots, shoes, work boots, sandals, or loafers sandals, or loafers Notes. 1 If host indicates a certain dress, follow the host’s intent. 2 Determined by host, current fashion, local customs, and time and type of event. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 343 Appendix C Officer Uniform Requirements C–1. General Officers are responsible for procuring and maintaining uniforms appropriate to their assigned duties. Officers will procure and maintain sufficient quantities of personal items necessary to ensure acceptable standards of personal hygiene and appearance. It is mandatory that all officers dress according to their position as an officer of the U.S. Army and according to the traditions and customs of the Service. C–2. List of major components Table C–1 lists the major items of uniform clothing that are normally prescribed by commanders with the minimum quantities that all officers should have in their possession. Table C–1 List of major components—Continued Item1 Minimum number Coat, all-weather, black 1 Uniform, Army service4 1 2, 3 Uniform, Army combat uniform 4 Uniform, Army physical fitness Short-sleeved t-shirt (APFU) 2 Long-sleeved t-shirt (APFU) 1 Trunks (APFU) 2 Jacket (APFU) 1 Pants (APFU) 1 Notes. 1 Commanders may prescribe items not on this list for the performance of duties. 2 Officers will possess two pairs of trousers or slacks. 3 Maternity service uniform, when applicable and in accordance with AR 670–1. 4 Additional quantities are authorized as organizational issue by CTA 50–900 when required by officers for performance of official duties while assigned to units with missions that include band formations, reviews, parades, ceremonial events, and other similar events. C–3. Accessories Officers also are responsible for procuring and maintaining adequate quantities of appropriate accessories, insignia, footwear, undergarments, headgear, and gloves for use with the uniforms in table C–1. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 344 Appendix D Clothing Bag List and Mandatory Possession and Wear-Out Dates D–1. Required clothing items Soldiers are required to possess the clothing items in accordance with AR 700–84 and as listed in CTA 50–900 in the quantities shown. Soldiers may purchase and wear optional items authorized by this pamphlet. D–2. Approved optional items Optional purchase items are authorized in lieu of specific items for items that have been approved by the Army and contain the required certification label. D–3. Clothing bag items a. All Soldiers are required to possess all clothing bag items as outlined in paragraph D–1. Table D–1 outlines the items and possession dates for new items. Table D–2 outlines the wear-out dates for deleted or replaced items. b. Initial entry enlisted Soldiers will be issued these items in their clothing bag. All other Soldiers must purchase them. Enlisted Soldiers will be paid sufficient clothing replacement allowance (CRA) to purchase these items from the military clothing stores. The CRA is paid over a period of time-from the date of the introduction of the item into the system to the mandatory possession date. D–4. Replacement of required items a. The CRA is paid to enlisted Soldiers on an annual basis to provide sufficient funds over a period of time for the replacement of required items of clothing that are prescribed for wear. The CRA is not intended to cover the cost of repair, dry cleaning, or laundering. b. The initial issue represents the minimum uniform requirements. It is possible that Soldiers, particularly careerists, may find it convenient or advantageous to acquire and maintain more uniforms than are provided for in the CRA. In addition, any unusual wear and tear, damage, or loss of items may result in out-of-pocket costs. Greater than average wear of one type of clothing bag item (such as the ACU) is offset by less than average wear of another (such as the AGSU). Table D–1 Possession dates of clothing bag items—Continued Item Possession date Army green service uniform (coat, trousers or slacks, gar- 1 October 2027 rison cap, short- and long-sleeved shirt, and belts) Shoes, oxford, walnut brown 567 1 October 2027 Table D–2 Wear-out dates of clothing bag items—Continued Item Wear-out date Replaced by Army service uniform (coat, trousers or slacks, garri- 30 September 2027 Army green service uniform son cap, short- and long-sleeved shirt, and belts) DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 345 Glossary Section I Abbreviations A2CU Army aircrew combat uniform ACOM Army command ACU Army combat uniform AFRM Armed Forces Reserve Medal AGCM Army Good Conduct Medal AGSU Army green service uniform AGSU–M Army green service uniform-maternity APFU Army physical fitness uniform AR Army regulation ARNG Army National Guard ASCC Army service component command ASU Army service uniform ASU–M Army service uniform-maternity CBO ceremonial blue overcoat CBRN chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear CID Criminal Investigation Division CMF career management field CRA clothing replacement allowance CSIB combat service identification badge CSM command sergeant major CTA common table of allowances DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 346 CVC combat vehicle crewman CW2 chief warrant officer 2 CW3 chief warrant officer 3 CW4 chief warrant officer 4 CW5 chief warrant officer 5 DA Pam Department of the Army pamphlet DCS deputy chief of staff DoD Department of Defense DRU direct reporting unit DUI distinctive unit insignia ECWCS Extended Cold Weather Clothing System EOD explosive ordnance disposal FREE Fire Resistant Environmental Ensemble HQDA Headquarters, Department of the Army ID identification IHWCU improved hot weather combat uniform LIN line item number MOS military occupational specialty MP military police NCO noncommissioned officer NGR National Guard regulation OCIE organizational clothing and individual equipment OCP operational camouflage pattern DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 347 OCS officer candidate school OEF–CP Operation Enduring Freedom Camouflage Pattern PMOS primary military occupational specialty RDI regimental distinctive insignia ROTC Reserve Officers’ Training Corps SEAC Senior Enlisted Advisor to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff SMA Sergeant Major of the Army SSI shoulder sleeve insignia SSI–MOHC shoulder sleeve insignia–military operations in hostile conditions TM technical manual TRADOC U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command UCP universal camouflage pattern USC United States Code USMA U.S. Military Academy WO1 warrant officer 1 WOC warrant officer candidate Section II Terms Accouterments Items, such as medals, ribbons, insignia, badges, emblems, tabs, and tapes, authorized for wear on uniforms. Appurtenances Devices, such as stars, letters, numerals, or clasps, worn on the suspension ribbon of a medal or on a ribbon bar that indicate additional awards, participation in specific events, or other distinguishing characteristics of the award. Awards Any decoration, medal, badge, ribbon, or appurtenance bestowed on an individual or unit. Badge An award given to an individual for ID purposes or that is awarded for attaining a special skill or proficiency. Certain badges are available in full, miniature, and dress miniature sizes. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 348 Clothing bag Uniform items and personal clothing issued to initial entry Soldiers that all Soldiers are required to maintain throughout their military career. Decoration A distinctively designed award given to an individual as a mark of honor denoting heroism or meritorious or outstanding service or achievement. Dress uniforms Uniforms worn as formal duty attire or worn at formal or informal social functions before or after retreat. This includes the AGSU dress variation and the ASU dress variation. Field uniforms Utility and organizational uniforms, excluding the food service uniforms, that are worn in field, training, or combat environments. Gold color or gold–colored Includes gold-plated, gold bullion, and synthetic metallic gold. Lapel button A miniature enameled replica of an award worn only on civilian clothing. Local commander The commander of an installation or equivalent in the continental U.S.; the ACOM, ASCC, or DRU commander overseas; and the State adjutant general for the Army National Guard as the individual who may prescribe policy on discretionary wear policies in this pamphlet. The local commander may delegate this authority to subordinate commanders. Medal An award, from which hangs a medallion, issued to an individual for the performance of certain duties, acts, or services; consists of a suspension ribbon made in distinctive colors. Mess uniforms Uniforms worn for formal social occasions when prescribed by the host (for example, the blue and white mess and evening mess uniforms). Miniature medal A replica of a regular-sized medal made to a scale half of the original. The Medal of Honor is not worn in miniature. Optional clothing A uniform or clothing item with or without protective properties (for example, flame-resistant clothing) prescribed by the Army Uniform Board and approved by the Chief of Staff of the Army to be worn at the individual’s option; optional clothing items do not include ballistic protective items, except for protective eyewear. Organizational uniforms, clothing, and equipment Uniforms, clothing, and equipment listed in the CTA that are issued to an individual on a loan basis and remain the property of the organization. Commanders issue organizational clothing and equipment in accordance with the allowances and directives published in the appropriate CTA. When issued, organizational clothing is worn when prescribed by the commander in accordance with Army regulations, technical manuals, and the CTA. Examples of organizational uniforms are the maternity work uniform, designated versions of the combat uniform, hospital duty and garrison culinary uniforms, and cold weather clothing. Personal clothing Military-type clothing, clothing of a personal nature, and component items listed in CTA 50–900 that are provided to enlisted personnel (specifically the initial clothing bag issue). Ribbon or ribbon bar A portion of the suspension ribbon of a medal worn in lieu of the medal and made in the form of a bar, 1–3/8 inches long by 3/8 inch wide. Roll–press To remove substantial wrinkles from clothing without creating creases. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 349 Service medal An award issued to personnel who participated in designated wars, campaigns, or expeditions or who have fulfilled specified service requirements in a creditable manner. Service uniform Worn in garrison environments when the wear of utility or dress uniforms is not required or appropriate. This includes the ASU and AGSU (both Class A and Class B). Silver color or silver–colored Includes silver-filled, silver-plated, sterling silver, silver bullion, and anodized aluminum. Tactical flag insignia Bagby green and black with bagby green border and hook backing, 1–13/16 inches in height and 3–1/4 inches wide. U.S. flag insignia Replica of the U.S. flag with hook backing, 1–13/16 inches in height and 3–1/4 inches wide. Unit award An award issued to an operating unit that is worn by members of that unit who participated in the cited action (permanent unit award). Other personnel serving in the cited unit, but who were not assigned to the unit during the action, may be authorized temporary wear of the award (temporary unit award). Utility uniform Uniform normally worn in the field, during training, or while performing duties where it is not practical or appropriate to wear a service uniform. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 350 UNCLASSIFIED PIN 104104–000