. Combat uniform coat a. The combat uniform coat is worn hooked or looped or buttoned and zipped. The coat has hook-and-loop fasteners for wearing the full-color U.S. flag or tactical flag insignia, skills tabs, SSI, SSI–MOHC, rank insignia, U.S. Army tape, and nametape. The ACU coat has a zippered front closure, tilted chest pockets with hook-and-loop closure that must be closed at all times, hook-and-loop or button sleeve cuff closure that must be closed at all times, integrated blouse bellows for increased upper body mobility, and shoulder pockets that must be closed at all times. The IHWCU coat has a button front closure, button sleeve cuff closure that must be closed at all times, integrated blouse bellows for increased upper body mobility, and shoulder pockets that must be closed at all times. b. The coat should fit easily over chest or bust and shoulders, allowing free use of arms without discomfort. Coat fronts should be smooth and even at the bottom edges. Bottom edge of the coat must extend to the crotch near the top of the trousers’ cargo pocket flap. c. Uniforms with a mandarin collar will be normally worn in the down position. Soldiers are authorized to wear the mandarin collar in the up position when wearing body armor or when weather conditions dictate the wear, as prescribed by the commander. d. The coat is normally worn outside the trousers, but may also be worn inside the trousers when directed by the commander (that is, when wearing the outer tactical vest, mission oriented protective posture gear, and so forth). The tan 499 undershirt is worn underneath the coat. It is tucked inside the trousers at all times. The coat will not extend below the top of the cargo pocket on the trousers and will not be higher than the bottom of the opening of the side pocket on the trousers. Uniforms equipped with elbow pouches for internal elbow pad inserts must be closed at all times. Permanent infrared feedback squares affixed to each shoulder for nighttime ID will be covered, unless in a field or deployed environment and prescribed by the commander. e. Commanders may authorize Soldiers to roll up the sleeves on the combat uniform. When Soldiers wear the sleeves of the ACU or IHWCU coat rolled up, company-level commanders will determine if the unit will roll sleeves with the camouflage pattern exposed or turned inside out. Personnel will roll sleeves neatly above the elbow, but no more than 3 inches above the elbow. Upon approval of the commander and only during field training exercises, the sleeves may be down and cuffed inside the coat one or two times. The coat sleeves may be cuffed inside or outside the coat. Personnel will not exceed two rolls or cuffs of the coat. f. Soldiers may sew on the U.S. Army tape, nametape, rank, and all authorized badges as an option. Hook-and-loop fasteners for U.S. Army tape and nametape may be left on or removed when sewing on the uniform. If worn, badges must be all sewn on or all pinned on. Soldiers are not authorized to mix sew-on badges with pin-on badges. When personnel sew on badges, the following must also be sewn on the combat uniform coat: nametape, U.S. Army tape, DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 6 and grade insignia. If a nametape, U.S. Army tape or grade insignia is sewn on, then personnel must sew all three of these items on the uniform coat. This requirement does not apply to the patrol cap. If Soldiers choose to sew on U.S. Army nametape, rank, or authorized skill badges, it will be at their own expense. Soldiers may wear pin-on badges with sewn-on nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. Soldiers are not authorized to wear pinned-on badges in a field or deployed environment. g. For the IHWCU, drill sergeant and other badges normally worn on the pocket will be worn centered 3–1/2 inches below the nametape and U.S. Army tape.