. b. Soldiers may carry authorized bags by hand, on one shoulder using a shoulder strap, or over both shoulders using both shoulder straps. Soldiers may not wear a shoulder bag in such a manner that the strap is draped diagonally across the body with the bag resting on the hip opposite the shoulder holding the strap. The bag must be black or match one of the colors of the authorized camouflage patterns when wearing the ACU and Class B uniforms. c. Handbag, clutch-type, leather, polyurethane, or vinyl. (1) Type. The handbag is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The handbag is made of leather, polyurethane, or vinyl in a commercial design with a zipper, snap, or envelope-type closure. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 116 (3) How worn. Female Soldiers may carry the clutch-type handbag with the female ASU, AGSU, and dress variations and with the utility uniforms while in a garrison (nonfield) environment. The leather version of this handbag is authorized for use with the female ASU, AGSU, and dress variations during and after duty hours. The black leather handbag is worn with the ASU. The brown leather handbag is worn with the AGSU. d. Handbag, fabric or leather, dress. (1) Type. The handbag is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The handbag is untrimmed, in leather or fabric, of a commercial design, envelope or clutch-type, with or without a chain or strap. (3) How worn. (a) Female Soldiers may carry the leather handbag with the female ASU, AGSU, and dress variations during and after duty hours. The black leather handbag is worn with the ASU. The brown leather handbag is worn with the AGSU. (b) Female Soldiers may carry the fabric handbag with the white and blue mess and evening mess uniforms. It is also authorized for use with the ASU, AGSU, and dress variations after duty hours. e. Handbag, fabric or leather, white, dress. (1) Type. The handbag is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The handbag is untrimmed, in white leather or fabric, of a commercial design, envelope or clutchtype, with or without a chain or strap. The handbag and shoes must be made of the same or similar material. (3) How worn. Female Soldiers may carry the fabric or leather white dress handbag with the Army all-white mess uniform during and after duty hours. f. Handbag, shoulder. (1) Type. The handbag is a one-time cash allowance item as part of the initial clothing bag allowance. (2) Description. The handbag is a commercial design in polyurethane or leather with a shoulder strap attached. (3) How worn. Female Soldiers may carry this handbag with the female ASU, AGSU, and dress variations and with utility uniforms while in a garrison (nonfield) environment. Female Soldiers may carry the bag in the hand or wear it over one shoulder. Soldiers may not wear the shoulder bag in such a manner that the strap is draped diagonally across the body with the purse resting on the hip opposite the shoulder holding the strap.
for permanent and temporary wear criteria). (1) Philippine Republic Presidential Unit Citation. (2) Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation. (3) Vietnam Presidential Unit Citation. (4) Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross Unit Citation. (5) Republic of Vietnam Civil Actions Unit Citation. (6) Fourrageres (no order of precedence). (a) French fourrageres. (b) Belgian fourrageres. (c) Netherlands orange lanyard. i. Non-U.S. service awards. The following non-U.S. service awards, listed in order of precedence, are authorized for wear on the Army uniform when at least one U.S. decoration, service medal, or ribbon is worn at the same time. An individual may not wear any other foreign service medal, unless the wearer was awarded such medal while a bona fide member of the armed forces of a friendly foreign nation and has received HQDA approval to wear the medal or ribbon (see AR 600–8–22 for application procedures to request authorization to accept and wear foreign service medals or ribbons). (1) Philippine Defense Ribbon. (2) Philippine Liberation Ribbon. (3) Philippine Independence Ribbon. (4) United Nations Service Medal. (5) Inter-American Defense Board Medal. (6) United Nations Medal. (7) North Atlantic Treaty Organization Medal. (8) Multinational Force and Observers Medal. (9) Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal. (10) Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia). (11) Kuwait Liberation Medal (Government of Kuwait). (12) Republic of Korea War Service Medal. j. State awards for Army National Guard Soldiers. Under the provisions of Title 32, United States Code (32 USC), Army National Guard (ARNG) personnel are authorized to wear State awards under applicable State laws or regulations when assigned to the ARNG under the command and control of the governor or Adjutant General. The term “State” includes the 50 states, U.S. territories (which include Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands), Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia. The following personnel statuses are included in this authorization: Active Guard Reserve; active duty for training; active duty for special work; full-time National Guard duty for special work or training; annual training; and inactive duty training (drill status), including periods when personnel may be attached to the Regular Army or reserve of any Service, whether paid or unpaid. Personnel will wear such awards in the State order of precedence after Federal and foreign awards. Under the provisions of 10 USC, Soldiers on active Federal service are authorized to accept, but not wear State or territory awards.
for wear policy). g. Berlin Air Device. A gold color metal miniature of a C–54 type aircraft. Personnel wear the Berlin Air device centered on the service ribbon and the suspension ribbon of the full-sized Army of Occupation Medal with the nose pointed upward at a 30-degree angle to the wearer’s right. When the device is worn on the suspension ribbon of the medal, it is centered above the “Germany” clasp. The Berlin Air device is 3/8 inch in height. The Berlin Air device is not manufactured in a miniature size and is not worn on the miniature Army of Occupation Medal. h. Ten-year device. A bronze, silver, or gold hourglass with Roman numeral “X” superimposed. Personnel wear the 10-year device on the AFRM service ribbon and the suspension ribbon of the full-sized and miniature AFRM. If no “M” device is authorized, the hourglass is worn centered on the ribbon. When worn with the “M” device, the “M” device is worn centered on the ribbon and the hourglass is positioned to the wearer’s right of the “M” device. The hourglass is centered on the wearer’s right side of the ribbon, equally spaced between the “M” device and the edge of the ribbon. The 10-year device, 5/16 inch high, is worn on the AFRM service ribbon and on the suspension ribbon of full-sized AFRM medal. Miniature 10-year device, 3/16 inch high, is worn on the suspension ribbon of the miniature AFRM. i. The “M” device. Personnel wear the “M” device centered on the AFRM service ribbon and the suspension ribbon of the full-sized and miniature AFRM. If authorized, numerals are worn to the wearer’s left of the “M” device DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 277 and are positioned centered on the wearer’s left side of the ribbon, equally spaced between the “M” device and the edge of the ribbon. “M” device, 1/4 inch high, is worn centered on the AFRM service ribbon and on the suspension ribbon of the full-sized AFRM. Miniature “M” device, 1/8 inch high, is worn on the suspension ribbon of the miniature AFRM. Table 22–2 Authorized clasps for Army Good Conduct Medal awards—Continued Award Clasp 2d Bronze, 2 loops 3d Bronze, 3 loops 4th Bronze, 4 loops 5th Bronze, 5 loops 6th Silver, 1 loop 7th Silver, 2 loops 8th Silver, 3 loops 9th Silver, 4 loops 10th Silver, 5 loops 11th Gold, 1 loop 12th Gold, 2 loops 13th Gold, 3 loops 14th Gold, 4 loops 15th Gold, 5 loops