. General guidelines a. Soldiers are authorized to wear the tan 499 undershirt, tan 499 rigger belt, and coyote combat boots with the OCP A2CU. b. Pockets of the A2CU uniform will be worn closed at all times. c. The standard headgear for this uniform is the patrol cap (see para 4–10a). The patrol cap will be worn when Soldiers are not performing flight duties. d. Soldiers may wear gloves with the A2CU when not performing crew duties. They may wear gloves with the A2CU without the cold weather outer garments (for example, ECWCS cold weather jacket). e. When cold weather outer garments are worn, Soldiers may wear the olive green scarf and gloves, but are not required to do so. f. Soldiers may wear the ECWCS jackets and trousers as outer garments, to include the layer III fleece jacket, when authorized by the commander. g. Soldiers are authorized to wear elbow pads and knee pads with the A2CU. h. The silk weight (cold weather) moisture-wicking undershirts are not authorized to be worn under the A2CU in place of the tan 499 or foliage green undershirts. The silk weight (cold weather) undershirts will be worn as undergarments only as authorized by the commander. i. Soldiers may carry bags, backpacks, and handbags with this uniform in a garrison environment. Such bags must comply with standards set forth in AR 670–1 and paragraph 20–2 of this publication. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 14 j. Commanders may authorize using a camouflage, black, or solid color (in a similar color to match the shade of the uniform) personal hydration system only in a field environment, in high-heat areas, or on work details. Soldiers will not wear hydration systems in a garrison environment unless the commander has authorized it for one of the situations described above. Soldiers will not let the drinking tube hang from their mouths when the device is not in use. k. Soldiers are authorized to store headgear when it is not worn. Soldiers may store headgear in the cargo pockets. When stored, the headgear must be folded neatly and not present a bulky appearance. l. The following insignia are not authorized to be worn on the A2CU: blood types, combat lifesavers, medic, allergies, Arabic nametapes, no known drug allergies, no known allergies, penicillin, and so forth. m. Commanders may authorize other uniforms for wear during administrative flights after performing the proper risk assessment. n. The coyote, temperate weather Army combat boots and the coyote, hot weather flyer’s insulated boots (when authorized according to CTA 50–900) are the authorized footwear for the A2CU. o. Any pin-on badges will be removed by all aircrew members prior to entry onto the flight line or working in and around aircrafts. p. Soldiers may sew on the U.S. Army tape, nametape, rank, and all authorized badges as an option. Hook-andloop fasteners for U.S. Army tape and nametape may be left on or removed when sewing on the uniform. If worn, badges must be all sewn on or all pinned on. Soldiers are not authorized to mix sew-on badges with pin-on badges. When personnel sew on badges, the following must also be sewn on the A2CU coat: nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. If a nametape, U.S. Army tape, or rank is sewn on, then personnel must sew all of these items on the uniform coat. This requirement does not apply to the patrol cap. If Soldiers choose to sew on U.S. Army nametape, rank, or authorized skill badges, it will be at their own expense. Soldiers may wear pin-on badges with sewn-on nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. Soldiers are not authorized to wear pinned-on badges in a field or deployed environment. q. Care instructions are the same as the combat uniform (see para 4–7n). r. Soldiers will not starch the A2CU under any circumstances. Using starch, sizing, or any process that involves dry cleaning or a steam press will adversely affect the treatment and durability of the uniform, and it is not authorized.