. Distinctive unit insignia a. Authorization. DUI of a design approved by TIOH, are authorized for the following echelons: (1) Army command. One design for each ACOM, ASCC, and/or DRU. (2) Field Armies. One design for each field Army. (3) Regional support commands. (4) Corps. One design for each corps. (5) Division. One design for each division. (6) Separate TOE brigades and brigade combat teams (not organic to divisions). (7) Numbered group. One design for each TOE numbered group. (8) Color-bearing regiments; training support battalions aligned to color-bearing regiments; and separate battalions, fixed type. One design for each regiment and separate TOE battalion. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 45 (9) Battalions, flexible. One design for each TOE battalion. (10) Hospitals. One design for each TOE hospital. (11) U.S. Army Service schools established by the Department of the Army. One design for each Service school. (12) U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command training centers. One design for each training center. (13) U.S. Army medical centers. One design for each center. (14) U.S. Army medical department activities. One design for each activity. (15) U.S. Army hospital centers. One design for each center. (16) U.S. Army dental activities. One design for each activity. (17) Army National Guard Total Army School System. One design for all TASS activities. (18) General officer commands. USAR. (19) U.S. Army Reserve schools. One design for all USAR schools. (20) Field operating agencies. One design for each activity based on the following criteria: (a) An identifiable command structure. (b) A valid justification in terms of unit mission, enhancement of unit morale, and degree of unit permanency. (c) At least 250 military personnel assigned to the organization. (21) Other organizations. One design for each organization, except U.S. Army garrison (regular and reserve), meeting the following criteria: (a) An identifiable command structure. (b) A valid justification in terms of unit mission, enhancement of unit morale, and degree of unit permanency. (c) At least 500 military personnel assigned to the organization (limited to the Army element of Joint organizations). (22) Other. (a) Organizations not in the categories listed above, which have a DUI by virtue of previous HQDA authority, are permitted to retain that DUI if it was manufactured and worn by members of the subject organization. In each case, such insignia is authorized for wear only after TIOH has determined the propriety and granted approval of the insignia. (b) Units not authorized their own DUI will wear the DUI of the command to which assigned. Those units not authorized their own DUI and not assigned to a higher echelon that is authorized a DUI may, with the approval of the Army commander concerned, wear the DUI of the Army area in which located. Personnel participating in the AGR and ROTC simultaneous membership programs will wear the DUI of the commands, units, and agencies to which attached. (c) With the exception of a CSM assigned as the SEAC, personnel assigned to a Joint command, DoD, or Federal agency will wear the DUI designated for Joint or DoD agencies. A CSM assigned as the SEAC will wear the SEAC collar insignia in lieu of the DUI. b. Approval. Units meeting the criteria established above will submit requests for authorization of DUI through command channels to DCS, G–1 for approval, with a copy of permanent orders activating the unit and a proposed DUI design. Requests will include three proposed mottoes, if the organization requests a motto with the design. DUI approval will be forwarded to TIOH for design development. TIOH is the approval authority for DUI design. Once the design has been approved and developed, no changes will be made to the insignia. The procurement of DUI not approved and developed by TIOH is prohibited. Units may only purchase approved DUIs by using appropriated or nonappropriated funds from TIOH-certified manufacturers. c. Provisional units. The authorization of a DUI will not be granted for provisional units. d. Authorized wearers. When a DUI is authorized, all personnel assigned to the organization wear the insignia, except as follows: General officers wear their RDI on the black pullover sweater. Chaplains wear their branch insignia on the black pullover sweater. A CSM assigned as the SEAC will wear the SEAC collar insignia in lieu of the DUI. The Sergeant Major of the Army and enlisted staff members assigned to the Office of the Sergeant Major of the Army will wear the Sergeant Major of the Army collar insignia in lieu of the assigned DUI. e. How worn. See DA Pam 670–1.