. Uniforms worn by United States civilians a. U.S. civilian personnel attached to, or authorized to accompany forces of the United States, including DA Civilians, are authorized to wear utility uniforms only when required in the performance of their duties and authorized by the ACOM, ASCC, and/or DRU commander. (The procedures for purchasing uniforms, footwear, and insignia are contained in AR 700–84.) b. See DA Pam 670–1 for the authorized insignia for wear by civilians. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 57 Appendix A References Section I Required Publications AR 10–87 Army Commands, Army Service Component Commands, and Direct Reporting Units (Cited in para 21–17a(1).) AR 27–60 Intellectual Property (Cited in para 3–14d(2).) AR 70–1 Army Acquisition Policy (Cited in para 1–6c.) AR 140–10 Assignments, Attachments, Details, and Transfers (Cited in para 21–9g(1).) AR 360–1 The Army Public Affairs Program (Cited in para 3–5a.) AR 385–10 The Army Safety Program (Cited in para 1–6d.) AR 600–8–14 Identification Cards for Members of the Uniformed Services, Their Family Members, and Other Eligible Personnel (Cited in para 3–11a.) AR 600–8–22 Military Awards (Cited in para 22–10b.) AR 600–9 The Army Body Composition Program (Cited in para 3–1a.) AR 600–20 Army Command Policy (Cited in para 3–1d.) AR 614–100 Officer Assignment Policies, Details, and Transfers (Cited in para 21–9c(2).) AR 700–84 Issue and Sale of Personal Clothing (Cited in para 1–6b.) AR 702–7–1 Reporting of Product Quality Deficiencies Within the U.S. Army (Cited in para 2–8g.) CTA 50–900 Clothing and Individual Equipment (Cited in para 2–8c(1).) DA Pam 600–8–14 Army Identification Tags (Cited in para 3–11a.) DA Pam 670–1 Guide to the Wear and Appearance of Army Uniforms and Insignia (Cited in para 1–7.) Section II Related Publications A related publication is a source of additional information. The user does not have to read a related publication to understand this regulation. Army General Orders, Army Regulations, Department of the Army Pamphlets, Common Table of Allowances, and Technical Bulletins are available at (https://armypubs.army.mil/). The Army Records Information System is available at (https://www.arims.army.mil). United States Code is available at (https://uscode.house.gov/). Code of Federal Regulations is available at (https://www.ecfr.gov/). AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 58 AR 11–2 Managers’ Internal Control Program AR 25–30 Army Publishing Program AR 25–400–2 The Army Records Information Management System AR 165–1 Army Chaplain Corps Activities AR 672–8 Manufacture, Sale, Wear, and Quality Control of Heraldic Items DA Pam 25–403 Guide to Recordkeeping in the Army DA Pam 710–2–1 Using Unit Supply System (Manual Procedures) DoDD 4500.54E DoD Foreign Clearance Program (FCP) (Available at https://www.esd.whs.mil/dd/.) NGR 600–102 Officers Assigned to Selective Service System Sections at Joint Force Headquarters State (Available at https://www.ngbpmc.ng.mil/ngr/) NGR 601–1 Army National Guard Strength Maintenance Program TB Med 287 Pseudofolliculitis of the Beard and Acne Keloidalis Nuchae 41 CFR 102–74.426 May a woman breastfeed her child in a Federal building or on Federal property? 10 USC Armed Forces 10 USC Chapter 1223 Retired Pay for Non-Regular Service 10 USC 771 Unauthorized wearing prohibited 10 USC 772 When wearing by persons not on active duty authorized 10 USC 773 When distinctive insignia required 10 USC 774 Religious apparel: wearing while in uniform 18 USC 701 Official badges, identification cards, other insignia 18 USC 704 Military medals or decorations Section III Prescribed Forms This section contains no entries. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 59 Section IV Referenced Forms Unless otherwise indicated, DA Forms are available on the Army Publishing Directorate (APD) website ( https://armypubs.army.mil). DD forms are available on the Office of the Secretary of Defense website (https://www.esd.whs.mil/directives/forms/). Standard Forms are available on the U.S. General Services Administration website (https://www.gsa.gov/reference/forms/). DA Form 11–2 Internal Control Evaluation Certification DA Form 2028 Recommended Changes to Publications and Blank Forms DA Form 4856 Developmental Counseling Form DD Form 2807–1 Report of Medical History DD Form 2808 Report of Medical Examination SF 368 Product Quality Deficiency Report AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 60 Appendix B Internal Control Evaluation B–1. Function The functions covered by this evaluation include conducting uniform inspections for serviceability, proper fitting of all Army uniforms and proper placement of all accoutrements. B–2. Purpose The purpose of this evaluation is to assist leaders in evaluating the key internal controls outlined below. It is not intended to cover all controls. B–3. Instructions Answers must be based on the actual testing of key internal controls found in this regulation. Answers that indicate deficiencies must be explained and corrective action indicated in supporting documentation. These key internal controls must be formally evaluated at least once every three years. Certification that this evaluation has been conducted must be accomplished on DA Form 11–2 (Internal Control Evaluation Certification). B–4. Test questions a. Is uniform serviceability maintained in accordance with this regulation? b. Are male and female personal grooming policies followed by assigned personnel? c. Are assigned personnel in compliance with tattoo/brand policy? d. Do service uniforms for assigned personnel fit properly? e. Are Soldiers’ accoutrements placed properly on authorized uniforms? f. Do unit leaders enforce policy set forth in this regulation? g. Are assigned personnel starching utility uniforms? h. Is the black beret worn in the proper manner? B–5. Supersession This evaluation replaces the previous published evaluation, dated 25 May 2017. B–6. Comments Help make this a better tool for evaluating internal controls. Submit comments to Chief of Staff, G–1 (DAPE – HRI/Chief, Command Programs and Policy Division) 300 Army Pentagon, Washington, DC 22310–0300. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 61 Glossary Section I Abbreviations AAFES Army and Air Force Exchange Service AASA Administrative Assistant to the Secretary of the Army ACH advanced combat helmet ACOM Army command ACU Army combat uniform AFRICOM Africa Command AGR Active Guard Reserve AGSU Army green service uniform AGSU–M Army green service uniform-maternity AMC U.S. Army Materiel Command AMHRR Army Military Human Resource Record ARIMS Army Records Information Management System ARNG Army National Guard ASA (ALT) Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology) ASA (M&RA) Assistant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs) ASCC Army service component command ASU Army service uniform CA Civil Affairs CCDC Soldier Center Combat Capabilities Development Command Soldier Center CG commanding general CMF career management field AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 62 CONUS continental United States CSA Chief of Staff, Army CSM command sergeant major CTA common table of allowances DA Department of the Army DCS Deputy Chief of Staff DoD Department of Defense DRU direct reporting unit DUI distinctive unit insignia HQDA Headquarters, Department of the Army IDP imminent danger pay IHWCU improved hot weather combat uniform KFOR Kosovo Forces MCP–OD Main Command Post-Operational Detachment MCSS military clothing sales store MOHC military operations in hostile conditions MOS military occupational specialty NCO noncommissioned officer NGR National Guard regulation OEF Operation Enduring Freedom OFS Operation Freedom’s Sentinel OIF Operation Iraqi Freedom OIR Operation Inherent Resolve AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 63 OND Operation New Dawn OPCON operational control OSUT one station unit training PEO program executive office PMOS primary military occupational specialty RA Regular Army RDI regimental distinctive insignia ROTC Reserve Officers’ Training Corps RRS–A Records Retention Schedule-Army SDF State Defense Forces SEAC Senior Enlisted Advisor to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff SF Standard Form SGM sergeant major SSI shoulder sleeve insignia SSI–MOHC shoulder sleeve insignia–military operations in hostile conditions TASS Total Army School System TDA table of distribution and allowance TDY temporary duty TIOH The Institute of Heraldry TOE table of organization and equipment TRADOC U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command UCMJ Uniform Code of Military Justice UQCP Uniform Quality Control Program AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 64 USAR U.S. Army Reserve USARC U.S. Army Reserve Command USC United States Code USCENTCOM U.S. Central Command Section II Terms Accoutrements Items such as medals, ribbons, insignia, badges, emblems, tabs, and tapes authorized for wear on uniforms. Appurtenances Devices such as stars, letters, numerals, or clasps worn on the suspension ribbon of the medal, or on the ribbon bar that indicate additional awards, participation in specific events, or other distinguishing characteristics of the award. Awards An all-inclusive term that consists of any decoration, medal, badge, ribbon, or appurtenance bestowed on an individual or unit. Badge An award given to an individual for identification purposes or that is awarded for attaining a special skill or proficiency. Certain badges are available in full, miniature, and dress miniature sizes. Braids/plaits (hair) Three or more portions/bunches of interwoven hair. Braids are worn free-hanging (loose) or against the scalp. Clothing bag Uniform items and personal clothing issued to initial entry Soldiers which all Soldiers are required to maintain throughout their military career. Conservative Conventional, traditional, and moderate in style and appearance; not extreme, excessive, faddish, or intense. Cornrows (hair) Cornrows are defined as hair temporarily rolled, twisted, or braided closely to the scalp producing a continuous, raised row of hair. Cornrows are worn against the scalp. Decoration An award given to an individual as a distinctively designed mark of honor denoting heroism, or meritorious or outstanding service or achievement. Dreadlocks See locks. Dress uniforms Uniforms worn as formal duty attire, or that are worn at formal or informal social functions, before or after retreat. They include the Army green, blue, and white uniforms. Eccentric Departing from the established or traditional norm. Exaggerated To make greater or more noticeable. Extreme Exceeding the ordinary, usual, or expected; not moderate. Faddish A transitory fashion adopted with wide enthusiasm. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 65 Field uniforms Utility and organizational uniforms, excluding the garrison culinary uniform, that are worn in field, training, or combat environments. Gold color/gold–colored Includes gold plated, gold bullion, and synthetic metallic gold. Lapel button A miniature enameled replica of an award, which is worn only on civilian clothing. Locks (hair) Locks are defined as sections of hair that twist from or near the root to the end of the hair, which create a uniform ringlet or cordlike appearance. Medal An award issued to an individual for the performance of certain duties, acts, or services, consisting of a suspension ribbon made in distinctive colors and from which hangs a medallion. Mess uniforms Uniforms worn for formal social occasions, when prescribed by the host. They include the blue and white mess and evening mess uniforms for males. For females, they include the blue and white mess and evening mess uniforms, the all-white evening mess, and the black mess and evening mess uniforms. Miniature medal A replica of a regular size medal, made to a scale half of the original. The Medal of Honor is not worn in miniature. Neat Orderly and tidy in appearance. Neck For clarity in regards to grandfathered tattoos, the neck is defined as anything above a crew T-shirt neckline (in a standard uniform T-shirt) and also below the jaw line (in the front of the head) and below a parallel line from the lowest point of where one ear connects to the head to the lowest point of where the other ear connects to the head (in the back of the head). Optional clothing A uniform or clothing item, with or without protective properties (for example, flame resistant clothing), prescribed by the Army Uniform Board and approved by the CSA to be worn at the individual’s option; optional clothing items do not include ballistic protective items, except for protective eyewear. Organizational clothing and individual equipment The uniforms, clothing, and equipment listed in the CTA, which are issued to an individual on a loan basis and remain the property of the organization. Commanders issue organizational clothing and equipment in accordance with the allowances and directives published in the appropriate CTA. When issued, organizational clothing is worn when prescribed by the commander in accordance with Army regulations, technical manuals, and the CTA. Examples of organizational uniforms are the maternity work uniform, the Army aircrew combat uniform, garrison culinary uniform, the combat vehicle crewman uniform, and cold- weather clothing. Personal clothing Military-type clothing, clothing of a personal nature, and component items listed in CTA 50–900 that are provided to enlisted personnel (specifically, the initial clothing bag issue). Religious apparel In accordance with 10 USC 774: Apparel the wearing of which is part of the observance of the religious faith practiced by the member. Ribbon or ribbon bar A portion of the suspension ribbon of a medal, worn in lieu of the medal and made in the form of a bar, ⅜ inches long by ⅜ inch wide. Roll press To remove substantial wrinkles from clothing without creating creases. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 66 Rosette A lapel device created from gathering the suspension ribbon of a medal into a circular shape. The device is worn on the lapel of civilian clothing. Service medal An award made to personnel who participated in designated wars, campaigns, or expeditions or who have fulfilled specified service requirements in a creditable manner. Service uniform Worn in garrison environments when the wear of utility or dress uniforms is not required or appropriate. Service uniforms consist of the Army green or blue (Class A and Class B) uniforms. Twists (hair) Temporarily twisting two distinct strands of hair around one another to create a twisted ropelike appearance. Twists are worn free-hanging (loose) or against the scalp. Unit award An award made to an operating unit, which is worn by members of that unit who participated in the cited action (permanent unit award). Other personnel serving in the cited unit, but who were not assigned to the unit during the action, may be authorized temporary wear of the award (temporary unit award). Utility uniforms Uniforms normally worn in the field, during training, or while performing duties where it is not practical or appropriate to wear a service uniform. Uniforms classified as utility uniforms are found in DA Pam 670–1. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 67 UNCLASSIFIED PIN 200964–000