. Service cap, Army blue, male (optional) a. Design. The cap will be made from an approved specification or pattern in a standard Army design. Officers have the option of wearing the cap frame with a removable cover made of the same material as the rest of the uniform. b. General description. The male service cap is a military-style peaked cap with black visor, rigid standing front, circular rim with hatband, and cap cover of the same shade and material as the coat. c. Visor and visor ornamentation. The visor is plain black leather or poromeric with a leather finish. The visor ornamentation is as follows: (1) General and field grade officers. The top of the visor is black cloth with two arcs of oak leaves in groups of two, embroidered in gold bullion, synthetic metallic gold-colored yarn, or manufactured from anodized aluminum in 24-karat gold color. (2) Company grade officers and enlisted personnel. The top of the visor is plain black shell cordovan or shell cordovan-finished leather, and resin treated with a waterproof edge. d. Chinstrap and chinstrap ornamentation. The chinstrap consists of two straps, each 1/2 inch wide by 10 inches long, with one end of each strap forming a slide, and the other end of each strap fastened to the cap at each end of the visor. The chinstrap ornamentation is as follows: (1) Officers. The chinstrap is natural or light brown, full-grain pigskin or sheepskin, nonbleeding with pointed ends covered with two-vellum gold wire lace or synthetic metallic gold-colored lace or a one-piece strap manufactured from anodized aluminum in 24-karat gold color. (2) Enlisted personnel. The chinstrap is plain black leather matching the visor in appearance with rounded ends. Poromeric with a leather finish is authorized. e. Hatband. All personnel will wear an outside hatband, 1–3/4 inches wide, around the entire outside rim of the cap. The hatband ornamentation follows: (1) General officers. The band is blue-black velvet with two arcs of oak leaves in groups of two, 1 inch long and 3/4 inch wide, embroidered in gold, synthetic metallic gold-colored braid, or gold-colored nylon or rayon. (2) All other officers. The band is grosgrain silk of the first-named color of the officer’s basic branch with a band of 1/2-inch, two-vellum gold, synthetic metallic gold, or gold-colored nylon or rayon braid placed at the top and bottom of the hatband. If the officer’s branch has two colors, 1/8-inch piping of the second color is placed on the inside edges of the gold braid. (3) Enlisted personnel. The band is basketweave mohair braid matching the shade of the cap material with a band of 1/2-inch, two-vellum gold-colored nylon, rayon, or polyester braid placed at the top part of the hatband. f. Service cap insignia. Insignia is worn on the Army blue service cap secured through the front eyelet (see para 21–3b for a description of service cap insignia). g. Wear. (1) Corporals and above may wear the service cap as an optional headgear with the ASU. The beret is the primary headgear worn with the ASU by all Soldiers unless the commander directs wear of the service cap (for corporal and above). (2) Personnel are not required to wear headgear when wearing the dress variation as a formal uniform to formal evening social functions (after retreat). However, on all other occasions, personnel will wear headgear with this uniform. h. How worn. The service cap is worn straight on the head so that the braid hatband on the service cap creates a straight line around the head, parallel to the ground. Such positioning automatically positions the visor correctly so that it does not interfere with vision or ride up on the forehead. Personnel will not alter the shape of the service cap in any manner. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 45 Figure 11–11. Service cap, Army blue, general officers (optional) Figure 11–12. Service cap, Army blue, field grade officers (optional) DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 46 Figure 11–13. Service cap, Army blue, company grade officers (optional) Figure 11–14. Service cap, Army blue, enlisted (optional) Chapter 12 Army Service Uniform and Dress Variation—Female