. Service hat, Army blue, female (optional) a. Design. The hat will be made from an approved specification or pattern, in a standard Army design. b. General description. The female service hat has an oval-shaped crown, an all-over stitched brim rolled back and straight at front. There are two different hat designs— (1) Embroidered brims for wear by general officers. (2) Plain brims for wear by all other officers and enlisted personnel. c. Hatband. The detachable hatband has three rows of stitching of matching thread at the top of the band, elastic back, and ornamentation as follows: (1) General officers (optional purchase). The hat has two arcs of oak leaves, grouped in twos, embroidered in synthetic metallic gold. The hatband also has a 1/4-inch wide, synthetic gold braid sewn along the bottom edge pf the hatband. (2) General and field grade officers. The hat has two arcs of laurel leaves grouped in twos, embroidered in gold bullion, synthetic metallic gold-colored braid, or gold-colored nylon or rayon braid. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 60 (3) Company grade officers. The hat has a band of 1/2-inch, two-vellum gold or gold-colored synthetic metallic braid or gold-colored nylon or rayon braid placed on the bottom edge of the hatband. (4) Enlisted personnel. There is no ornamentation on the hatband. d. Service hat insignia. Insignia is worn on the Army blue service hat centered and secured through the hatband (see para 21–3c for a description of service hat insignia). e. Wear. (1) Corporals and above may wear the service hat as an optional headgear with the ASU. The beret is the primary headgear worn with the ASU by all Soldiers unless the commander directs wear of the service hat (for corporal and above). (2) Personnel are not required to wear headgear when wearing the dress variation to evening social functions (after retreat). However, on all other occasions personnel will wear headgear with the ASU. f. How worn. The service hat is worn straight on the head so that the hatband creates a straight line around the head, parallel to the ground. Hair will not be visible below the front brim of the hat and there should be 1/2 to 1 inch distance between the eyebrow and the brim of the hat. Chapter 13 Army Service Uniform—Maternity