. Fleece cap a. Fleece cap, black. (1) Type. The fleece cap is a clothing bag issue item. (2) Description. The fleece cap is a single ply, bell shape, pull-on style cap of plain, black fleece or microfiber material. b. Fleece cap, coyote brown. (1) Type. The fleece cap is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The fleece cap is a single ply, bell shape, pull-on style cap of plain, coyote brown fleece or microfiber material. c. How worn. Personnel wear the fleece cap pulled down snugly on the head with the bottom edge covering the ears, but not covering the eyebrows. The bottom edge (all) of the cap may be folded, but not rolled. The fleece cap is worn with the APFU or the combat uniform, as prescribed by the commander.
). (3) How worn. All personnel may wear the bomber with the Class B AGSU. Personnel will not wear the bomber in formations unless authorized by the commander. Personnel will wear the bomber zipped to at least the second button down from the top of the shirt. All personnel wear shoulder marks with hook and loop on the shoulder loops. Personnel may wear the bomber without insignia when wearing civilian clothing. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 134 Figure 20–13. Leather service jacket (bomber) c. Windbreaker, black. (1) Type. The windbreaker is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The black windbreaker is made of 55-percent polyester and 45-percent wool gabardine in Army shade 458 and has a hook-and-loop-in liner. The windbreaker is single-breasted with a covered slide fastener front closure, a bi-swing back, two inside hanging breast pockets, two slash pockets, shoulder loops with button/buttonhole and set-in sleeves with knitted cuffs. The female windbreaker has front darts. The officer windbreaker has a knit collar, cuffs, and waist. The enlisted windbreaker has a standard collar, knit cuffs, and waist. Female Soldiers are authorized to wear the female or male windbreakers (see fig 20–14). (3) How worn. All personnel may wear the windbreaker with the Class B ASU and garrison culinary uniforms. Personnel will not wear the windbreaker in formations unless authorized by the commander. Personnel will wear the windbreaker zipped to at least the second button down from the top of the shirt. Officers wear nonsubdued pin-on grade insignia on the shoulder loops of this coat. NCOs wear shoulder marks on the shoulder loops. Enlisted personnel wear nonsubdued grade insignia on the collars. Personnel may wear the windbreaker without insignia when wearing civilian clothing. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 135 Figure 20–14. Windbreakers, black d. Windbreaker, heritage green. (1) Type. The windbreaker is an optional purchase item. (2) Description. The heritage green windbreaker is made of 55-percent polyester and 45-percent wool gabardine in Army shade 564 and has a hook-and-loop-in liner. The windbreaker is single-breasted with a covered slide fastener front closure; a bi-swing back; two inside hanging breast pockets; two slash pockets; shoulder loops with button/buttonhole; and knitted collar, cuffs, and waistband (see fig 20–15). (3) How worn. All personnel may wear the windbreaker with the Class B AGSU. Personnel will not wear the windbreaker in formations unless authorized by the commander. Personnel will wear the windbreaker zipped to at least the second button down from the top of the shirt. Personnel wear nonsubdued pin-on grade insignia on the shoulder loops of this coat. Personnel may wear the windbreaker without insignia when wearing civilian clothing. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 136 Figure 20–15. Windbreaker, heritage green