. Full-sized U.S. and foreign decorations and service medals a. Where worn. All personnel may wear full-sized decorations and service medals on the ASU and AGSU coats. Female personnel may also wear full-sized decorations and service medals on the maternity tunic. b. How worn. Full-sized decorations and service medals, except the Medal of Honor (see para 22–7c), are worn in the order of precedence from the wearer’s right to left, in one or more rows, with 1/8-inch space between rows. No more than four medals are worn in any one row. Soldiers will not start a second row unless they are authorized to wear four or more medals. The determination of whether three or four medals are worn in each row is based upon the size of the coat and the position of the lapel. Full-sized decorations or medals will not overlap within a row. When more than one row of medals are worn, the second and subsequent rows are positioned so that the medal pendants on the row below are visible. The first and second rows will contain the same number of medals (three or four) before starting a third row. Second and subsequent rows will either contain the same number of medals or less than the row below. The top row of medals is centered over the row immediately below. Personnel will not wear service and training ribbons when full-sized decorations and service medals are worn. Personnel may wear U.S. and foreign unit award DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 265 emblems as prescribed when wearing full-sized medals. When full-sized medals are worn, personnel may wear up to three combat and special skill badges or metal tab replicas (or a combination) from groups 1 through 5, but may only wear one combat or special skill badge from either group 1 or group 2 one above the other, above the medals, in order of group precedence. Personnel may not wear the driver and mechanic badges with full-sized medals and they may not wear special skill and marksmanship badges below the medals. Full-sized medals are worn as follows: (1) Male personnel. On the ASU coat, male Soldiers wear full-sized medals centered immediately above the left breast pocket (see fig 22–5). Figure 22–5. Wearing full-sized medals on the Army service uniform, male (2) Female personnel. On the ASU coat, female Soldiers wear full-sized medals centered on the left side with the bottom row of the medal pendants positioned parallel to the bottom of the nameplate. Female Soldiers may adjust the placement of the medals and nameplate to conform to individual body shape differences (see fig 22–6). DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 266 Figure 22–6. Wearing full-sized medals on the Army service uniform, female (3) Army green service uniform. On the AGSU coat, Soldiers wear full-sized medals centered immediately above the left breast pocket (see fig 22–7). Figure 22–7. Wearing full-sized medals on the Army green service uniform DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 267 c. Medal of Honor. The Medal of Honor is worn with the neckband ribbon around the neck outside the shirt collar and inside the coat collar with the medal hanging over the necktie. Authorized foreign neck decorations are worn beneath the Medal of Honor (see fig 22–8). Figure 22–8. Wearing the Medal of Honor