. General guidelines a. Soldiers are authorized to wear the tan 499 undershirt, tan 499 rigger belt, and coyote combat boots with the OCP ACU. b. Pockets of the combat uniform will be worn closed at all times. c. Soldiers may wear IHWCU in lieu of the OCP ACU. Soldiers can purchase the IHWCU from Military Clothing Sales. Commanders will not require Soldiers to purchase or wear the IHWCU, unless it is issued through the OCIE system. d. Soldiers may wear gloves with the combat uniform without the cold weather outer garments (for example, ECWCS cold weather jacket). e. When the cold weather coat or other authorized cold weather outer garments are worn, Soldiers may wear the olive green scarf and gloves, but are not required to do so. Soldiers may wear the hood of the cold weather coat and wet weather jacket at their option. However, when the hood is not worn, Soldiers will tuck the hood into the coat or jacket with the zipper closed. f. Soldiers may wear the ECWCS jackets and trousers as outer garments, to include the layer III fleece jacket, when authorized by the commander. g. Soldiers are authorized to wear elbow or knee pads with the combat uniform. h. The silk weight (cold weather) moisture-wicking undershirts are authorized to be worn under the combat uniform coat in place of the tan 499 or foliage green undershirts. i. Soldiers may carry bags, backpacks, or handbags with these uniforms only while in a garrison environment. Such bags must comply with standards set forth in AR 670–1 and paragraph 20–2 of this publication. j. Commanders may authorize use of a camouflage, black, or solid color (in a similar color to match the shade of the uniform) personal hydration system only in a field environment, in high-heat areas, or on work details. Soldiers will not wear hydration systems in a garrison environment unless the commander has authorized it for one of the situations described above. Soldiers will not let the drinking tube hang from their mouths when the device is not in use. k. Soldiers are authorized to store headgear when it is not worn. Soldiers may store headgear in the cargo pockets. When stored, the headgear must be folded neatly and not present a bulky appearance. l. The following insignia are not authorized to be worn on the combat uniform: blood types, combat lifesavers, medic, allergies, Arabic nametapes, no known drug allergies, no known allergies, and penicillin. m. The standard combat uniform coat and trousers, both issued and available at military clothing stores, are pretreated with permethrin, which provides protection from disease-carrying insects. Female Soldiers who are pregnant, trying to become pregnant, or breastfeeding or pumping may obtain authorization to wear nonpermethrin treated combat uniforms. n. The following care instructions must be followed when caring for the combat uniform to maximize the service life and maintain optimum performance. Soldiers will— (1) Not starch the combat uniform under any circumstances. Using starch, sizing, and any process that involves dry cleaning or a steam press will adversely affect the treatment and durability of the uniform, and it is not authorized. DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 5 (2) Wash the combat uniform in cold water and mild detergent containing no optical brighteners or bleach. (3) Tumble dry the combat uniform at low heat (not to exceed 130 degrees Fahrenheit). Remove immediately from the dryer and fold flat or place on a rustproof hanger to ensure heat from the dryer does not set wrinkles. To drip dry, remove from the washer and place on a rustproof hanger. Do not wring or twist. (4) Soldiers may roll-press uniforms, as necessary. o. The ACU–female is an authorized alternate ACU designed in a wider range of sizes. If worn, it must have the same general appearance and fit as prescribed for the ACU. p. The Army combat shirt is designed to provide flame protection for individual Soldiers, while maximizing breathability, moisture management, and comfort when worn as a system including interceptor body armor and flame-resistant combat uniform trousers or aircrew combat uniform trousers. It will be worn tucked into the trousers. It is designed to be worn next to the skin, without a t-shirt, in hot weather. This does not preclude wear of female undergarments or t-shirts currently approved for wear. This shirt will only be worn in a deployed or field environment, as approved by the commander. The right shoulder sleeve of the shirt is equipped with hook and loop for nametape and grade insignia. The left shoulder sleeve is equipped with hook and loop for the tactical flag embroidered insignia. q. Individuals who purchase uniforms or uniform items from commercial sources are responsible for ensuring that the items conform to military specifications or are manufactured in accordance with the policies prescribed by the uniform quality control program (see AR 670–1 for details). Only those alterations authorized by AR 700–84 and TM