. General guidelines a. Soldiers are authorized to wear the tan 499 undershirt and coyote combat boots with the OCP maternity work uniform. b. Pockets of the maternity work uniform will be worn closed at all times. c. The standard headgear for this uniform is the patrol cap (see para 4–10a). d. Soldiers may wear gloves with the maternity work uniform without the cold weather outer garments (for example, ECWCS cold weather jacket). e. When cold weather outer garments are worn, Soldiers may wear the olive green scarf and gloves, but are not required to do so. f. Soldiers may wear the ECWCS jackets and trousers as outer garments, to include the layer III fleece jacket, when authorized by the commander. g. This uniform is designed to fit loosely. Alterations to make the uniform fit tightly are not authorized. A tight fit reduces the airflow needed for ventilation and cooling. The coat is worn outside the trousers. Soldiers will not wear a belt with this uniform. Soldiers will wear the trousers tucked into the top of the boots or bloused using the drawstrings at the bottom of the trousers or using commercial blousing devices if the trousers are not tucked into the boots. Personnel will not wrap the trouser leg around the leg tightly enough to present a pegged appearance or insert any items inside the trouser leg to create a round appearance at the bottom of the trouser leg. When bloused, the trousers will not extend below the third eyelet from the top of the boot. h. When Soldiers wear the sleeves of the coat rolled up, company-level commanders will determine if the unit will roll sleeves with the camouflage pattern exposed or turned inside out. Personnel will roll sleeves neatly above the elbow, but no more than 3 inches above the elbow. Upon approval of the commander and only during field training exercises, the sleeves may be down and cuffed inside the coat one or two times. The coat sleeves may be cuffed inside or outside the coat. Personnel will not exceed two rolls or cuffs of the coat. i. The silk weight (cold weather) moisture-wicking undershirts are not authorized to be worn under the maternity work uniform coat in place of the tan 499 or foliage green undershirts. The silk weight (cold weather) undershirts will be worn as undergarments only. j. Female personnel may carry purses or handbags with these uniforms only while in a garrison environment. Such bags must comply with standards set forth in AR 670–1 and paragraph 20–2 of this publication. k. Commanders may authorize using a camouflage, black, or solid color (in a similar color to match the shade of the uniform) personal hydration system only in a field environment, in high-heat areas, or on work details. Soldiers will not wear hydration systems in a garrison environment unless the commander has authorized it for one of the situations described above. Soldiers will not let the drinking tube hang from their mouths when the device is not in use. l. Soldiers are authorized to store headgear when it is not worn. Soldiers may store headgear in the cargo pockets. When stored, the headgear must be folded neatly and not present a bulky appearance. m. The following insignia are not authorized to be worn on the maternity work uniform: blood types, combat lifesavers, medic, allergies, Arabic nametapes, no known drug allergies, no known allergies, penicillin, and so forth. n. Soldiers may sew on the U.S. Army tape, nametape, rank, and all authorized badges as an option. Hook-andloop fasteners for U.S. Army tape and nametape may be left on or removed when sewing on the uniform. If worn, DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 10 badges must be all sewn on or all pinned on. Soldiers are not authorized to mix sew-on badges with pin-on badges. When personnel sew on badges, the following must also be sewn on the maternity work uniform coat: nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. If a nametape, U.S. Army tape or grade insignia is sewn on, then personnel must sew all three of these items on the uniform coat. This requirement does not apply to the patrol cap. If Soldiers choose to sew on U.S. Army nametape, rank, or authorized skill badges, it will be at their own expense. Soldiers may wear pinon badges with sewn-on nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. Soldiers are not authorized to wear pinnedon badges in a field or deployed environment. o. Footgear other than combat boots may be prescribed as needed. Footgear will be conservative, in good taste, and meet the needs of the individual’s profile. p. Care instructions are the same as the combat uniform (see para 4–7n). q. Soldiers will not starch the maternity work uniform under any circumstances. Using starch, sizing, or any process that involves dry cleaning or a steam press will adversely affect the treatment and durability of the uniform, and it is not authorized. Chapter 6 Aircrew Uniform Section I Army Aircrew Combat Uniform