. General guidelines a. The FREE is for use by flight and combat vehicle crews and personnel in other selected military occupational specialties (MOSs). Wear and appearance of the headgear, skill badges, rank insignia, branch insignia, nametape, U.S. Army tape, SSI, full-color U.S. flag or tactical flag insignia, skills tabs, and ID badges are the same as outlined for the A2CU (see paras 6–5 and 6–6). This uniform is designed to be slightly loose fitting. Alterations to make it formfitting are not authorized. The jackets are worn outside the pants for all duties, to include flight. The sleeves will be worn DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 16 down at all times, not rolled or cuffed. The pants are worn with the FREE or standard rigger belt. Soldiers are not authorized to blouse the trousers inside the boots. b. Soldiers are authorized to wear the tan 499 undershirt, tan 499 rigger belt, and coyote combat boots with the OCP FREE. c. Soldiers are required to wear grade insignia, nametape, U.S. Army tape, and the current organizational SSI on the duty uniform worn with the FREE. However, they have the option of wearing the SSI–MOHC and authorized badges. The SSI, SSI–MOHC, and badges (unless badges are sewn on) will be removed by all aircrew members prior to entry onto the flight line or working in and around aircrafts. d. Soldiers may sew on the U.S. Army tape, nametape, rank, and all authorized badges as an option. Hook-andloop fasteners for U.S. Army tape and nametape may be left on or removed when sewing on the uniform. If worn, badges must be all sewn on or all pinned on. Soldiers are not authorized to mix sew-on badges with pin-on badges. When personnel sew on badges, the following must also be sewn on the FREE jacket: nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. If a nametape, U.S. Army tape, or rank is sewn on, then personnel must sew all of these items on the uniform jacket. This requirement does not apply to the patrol cap. If Soldiers choose to sew on U.S. Army nametape, rank, or authorized skill badges, it will be at their own expense. Soldiers may wear pin-on badges with sewn-on nametape, U.S. Army tape, and grade insignia. Soldiers are not authorized to wear pinned-on badges in a field or deployed environment. e. The patrol cap will be worn when Soldiers are not performing flight duties, unless otherwise prescribed by the commander. f. Care instructions are the same as the combat uniform (see para 4–7n). Chapter 7 Garrison Culinary Uniform—Male