and TM 10–227 are authorized. d. Soldiers will wear these uniforms with the shirt tucked into the trousers so that the shirt edge is aligned with the front fly opening, so the outside edge of the belt buckle forms a straight “gig line.” e. Only Soldiers authorized to wear the tan, green, or maroon beret; MP personnel performing MP duties; and those assigned to air assault coded positions may wear bloused (tucked-in or by using blousing rubbers or bands) trousers with black leather combat boots. f. The black scarf and the black leather dress gloves are authorized for wear with the black all-weather coat. Personnel may wear white gloves with the basic uniform. g. Enlisted personnel assigned to units authorized by CTA 50–900 to wear the Army dress uniform as an organizational uniform (such as table of organization and equipment bands, selected honor guards, and other ceremonial units) may wear DUI, MP accessories, and other items authorized by CTA 50–900 when prescribed by the commander. h. The ASU tropical dress variation (Class B with ribbons) is an equivalent Class A or dress variation for hot weather wear. It serves as appropriate wear for parades, ceremonies, reviews (when special honors are being paid), and official visits of foreign dignitaries. The uniform is intended for seasonal hot weather wear only and is not appropriate for wear outside of hot climates. Local commanders will determine the conditions for wear of this uniform. The male ASU tropical dress variation consists of the white, short-sleeved, service uniform shirt (standard issue or lay-flat collar) with accouterments as worn on the jacket, without necktie, and with ASU low-waist trousers with belt loops. In lieu of wearing all authorized ribbons, Soldiers have the option of wearing only three authorized ribbons. Selected ribbons must be worn in order of precedence (for example, Silver Star, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart). Badges and insignia currently authorized for wear on the ASU are authorized to be worn on this variation of the uniform. i. In lieu of wearing all authorized ribbons, Soldiers have the option of wearing three authorized ribbons on the service uniform shirt. Selected ribbons must be worn in order of precedence (for example, Silver Star, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart).
and TM 10–227 are authorized. d. Unless wearing the optional overblouse shirt, Soldiers will wear these uniforms with the shirt tucked into the slacks so that the shirt edge is aligned with the front fly opening, so the outside edge of the belt buckle forms a straight “gig line.” The overblouse version of the shirt is worn outside the slacks or skirt. e. Only Soldiers authorized to wear the tan, green, or maroon beret; MP personnel performing MP duties; and those assigned to air assault coded positions may wear bloused (tucked-in or by using blousing rubbers or bands) slacks with black leather combat boots. f. The skirt is worn no shorter than 1 inch above or longer than 2 inches below the crease in the back of the knee. g. The black scarf and the black leather dress gloves are authorized for wear with the black all-weather coat. Personnel may wear white gloves with the basic uniform. h. Female Soldiers may carry the black leather handbag during duty or after duty hours. However, they may carry the black fabric handbag only after duty hours. Black pumps and sheer stockings are the authorized footwear for this uniform. After duty hours, personnel may wear the black fabric pumps with this uniform. i. Enlisted personnel assigned to units authorized by CTA 50–900 to wear the Army dress uniform as an organizational uniform (such as table of organization and equipment bands, selected honor guards, and other ceremonial units) may wear DUI, MP accessories, and other items authorized by CTA 50–900, when prescribed by the commander. j. The ASU tropical dress variation (Class B with ribbons) is an equivalent Class A or dress variation for hot weather wear. It serves as appropriate wear for parades, ceremonies, reviews (when special honors are being paid), DA PAM 670–1 • 26 January 2021 58 and official visits of foreign dignitaries. The uniform is intended for seasonal hot weather wear only and is not appropriate for wear outside of hot climates. Local commanders will determine the conditions for wear of this uniform. The female ASU tropical dress variation consists of the white, short-sleeved, service uniform shirt (standard issue or layflat collar) with accouterments as worn on the jacket, without neck tab, and with either ASU low-waist slacks or ASU skirt. In lieu of wearing all authorized ribbons, Soldiers have the option of wearing only three authorized ribbons. Selected ribbons must be worn in order of precedence (for example, Silver Star, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart). Badges and insignia currently authorized for wear on the ASU are authorized to be worn on this variation of the uniform. k. In lieu of wearing all authorized ribbons, Soldiers have the option of wearing three authorized ribbons on the service uniform shirt. Selected ribbons must be worn in order of precedence (for example, Silver Star, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart).