. Branch insignia-other a. Regimental collar insignia. (1) Regimental collar insignia is the Soldier’s branch insignia on which the numerical designation of the regiment is affixed. Regimental collar insignia is worn in lieu of the branch insignia by officers and enlisted Soldiers affiliated with infantry, armor, field artillery, air defense artillery, cavalry, special forces, or aviation regiments. Soldiers affiliated with these regiments will also wear the regimental collar insignia when not assigned to the regiment, except as provided in paragraph 21–9A Soldier affiliated with a regiment but having a branch other than the currently assigned branch will wear the assigned branch insignia without a numeral. Soldiers will not wear numerals designating battalions on regimental collar insignia. Regimental collar insignia is provided at no cost to enlisted Soldiers. Commanders will permit enlisted Soldiers who are affiliated with the regiment to retain regimental collar insignia when reassigned from the affiliated regiment. (2) See DA Pam 670–1 for additional guidance on positioning of regimental numbers for specific combat arms branches. b. Other. Branch insignia for Soldiers not affiliated with an infantry, armor, field artillery, air defense artillery, cavalry, special forces, or aviation regiment, except as provided for in paragraph 21–9 wear their assigned basic branch insignia. As an option, Soldiers who are not affiliated with one of the above regiments, but who are assigned to a color-bearing regiment or separate TOE battalion of their branch, may wear the branch insignia with the numerical designation of the battalion or regiment affixed, when approved by the ACOM, ASCC, and/or DRU. All optional branch insignia are authorized for wear only while personnel are assigned to the designated unit. Soldiers will not purchase optional branch insignia using appropriated funds. Commanders will not require Soldiers to purchase optional branch insignia. See DA Pam 670–1 for a list of branch insignia authorized for wear. AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 40