. Distinctive items authorized for other than infantry personnel a. Organizational flash. (1) Description. See DA Pam 670–1. (2) How worn. See DA Pam 670–1. (3) Approval authority. TIOH approves the design for background trimming for organizations designated (by structure, equipment, and mission) by HQDA as “Airborne” or “Air Assault.” Background trimming is provided at no cost to enlisted personnel. (4) Authorized wearers. Personnel authorized to wear the maroon, tan, or green berets wear their distinctive organizational flash. All other Soldiers wear the Army flash on the black beret, unless authorization for another flash was granted before the implementation of the black beret as the standard Army headgear. b. Airborne/Air Assault background trimming. (1) Description. See DA Pam 670–1. (2) How worn. See DA Pam 670–1. (3) Approval authority. TIOH approves the design for background trimming for organizations designated (by structure, equipment, and mission) by HQDA as “Airborne” or “Air Assault.” Background trimming is provided at no cost to enlisted personnel. (4) Authorized wearers. All personnel assigned to an organization authorized a background trimming and who have been awarded the corresponding Parachutist or Air Assault badge, as applicable, are authorized to wear the background trimming with the corresponding badge. c. Cord, shoulder, marksmanship. (1) Description. See DA Pam 670–1. (2) How worn. See DA Pam 670–1. (3) Authorized wearers. All personnel assigned to the U.S. Army marksmanship unit, subordinate marksmanship training units, or the ARNG marksmanship training unit. Personnel who are transferred from these units are not authorized to wear the shoulder cord. Personnel in an attached or TDY status with these units, or the State small arms AR 670–1 • 26 January 2021 49 readiness training teams, are not authorized to wear the shoulder cord. The shoulder cord is issued at no cost to the individual. (4) When worn. Personnel wear the marksmanship cord during the period of assignment to any of the units provided in paragraph 21–32c(3). Chapter 22 Wear of Decorations, Service Medals, Badges, Unit Awards, and Appurtenances