. Appurtenances Appurtenances are devices affixed to service or suspension ribbons, or worn in lieu of medals or ribbons. They are worn to denote an additional award, participation in a specific event, or some other distinguishing characteristic of an award. The following appurtenances are authorized for wear on decorations, medals, ribbons, and other awards, when authorized by appropriate authority. See DA Pam 670–1 for descriptions and directions for placement of each appurtenance. See AR 600–8–22 for additional information on authority to wear a particular appurtenance. a. Oak leaf clusters. Bronze oak leaf clusters are worn to denote award of second and succeeding awards of decorations (other than the Air Medal), the Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal, and unit awards. A silver oak leaf cluster is worn in lieu of five bronze oak leaf clusters. A maximum of four oak leaf clusters may be worn on a single ribbon; a maximum of three oak leaf clusters may be worn with the “V” device on a single ribbon, for a total of four devices on the ribbon. If the number of authorized oak leaf clusters exceeds the maximum authorized then a second ribbon is worn to the wearer’s left of the first ribbon. See DA Pam 670–1 for specific guidance. b. The “V” device. The “V” device is worn to denote an award authorized for acts of heroism involving conflict with an armed enemy. The “V” device is authorized for wear on the Air Medal, Bronze Star Medal, Army Commendation Medal, and the Joint Service Commendation Medal. Not more than one “V” device is worn on a ribbon. c. Numerals. (1) Arabic numerals are worn to denote second and succeeding awards of the Air Medal, Army Reserve Components Overseas Training Ribbon, the Overseas Service Ribbon, the Multinational Force and Observers Medal, and with succeeding awards of the ”M” device with the Armed Forces Reserve Medal. (2) Arabic numerals are worn on the NCO Professional Development Ribbon to denote the highest level of NCO development. See DA Pam 670–1. d. Clasps. Unique clasps are worn on the following medals to signify second and subsequent awards. See DA Pam